Leonard:So you see, what you’re eating is not technically yoghurt, because it doesn’t have enough live acidophilus cultures. It’s really just iced milk with carragenin added for thickness.
Penny:Oh, that’s very interesting.
Leonard:It’s also not pink and has no berries.
Penny:Yeah, but it doesn’t really answer my question.
Leonard:What was your question again?
Penny:Do you want some.
Leonard:Oh, right, no, I’m lactose intolerant.
Penny:Right.
Leonard:So, gas.
Penny:Got it.
Leonard:Well, good night.
Penny:What are you doing?
Leonard:There was a draft.
Penny:I didn’t feel a draft.
Leonard:Why don’t we just go into your….
Penny:Oh, yeah, you know what, maybe we should just slow things down a little.
Leonard:No, no, I didn’t mean to go into your apartment to… go fast.
Penny:No, I know, I… I know what you meant, it’s just… it’s only our first date.
Leonard:Yeah, okay, sure, no problem, why don’t we just figure out where we’re going, and when we want to get there, and then rate of speed equals distance over time. Solve for R.
Penny:Or we could just wing it.
Leonard:That might work too.
Penny:Goodnight Leonard.
Leonard:Goodnight.
Raj:He’s coming. Screen saver.
Howard:Oh, hey, Leonard, how was your date?
Leonard:Bite me. Sheldon, how could you just sit there and let them spy on me?
Sheldon:They were clever, Leonard. They exploited my complete lack of interest in what you were doing.
Howard:You should thank us. When future generations try to determine why your relationship with Penny crashed and burned, this right here is the black box.
Leonard:What are you talking about, the date went fine.
Raj:Dude, she said she wants to slow things down.
Leonard:Okay, so, she said she wants to slow things down. It’s like saying “I’m really enjoying this meal, I’m going to slow down and savour it.”
Howard:No, it’s like “this fish tastes bad, so I’m going to slow down and spit it out.”
Raj:You being the fish.
Leonard:I’m not the fish.
Howard:Oh really, did you make a second date.
Leonard:Well, we sort of decided to wing it.
Sheldon:Oh, even I know that’s lame.
Leonard:Okay, alright, let’s assume your hypothesis. We went to dinner, we talked, we laughed, we kissed, where could I have possibly gone wrong.
Howard:Think back, Leonard, the littlest things can set women off. Like, hey, the waitress is hot, I bet we could get her to come home with us. Or, how much does your mom weigh, I want to know what I’m getting into.
Leonard:I didn’t say anything like that.
Howard:Good, ‘cos they don’t work.
Raj:They also don’t care for it if you stare at them and hyperventilate. Sadly, that’s my home run swing.
Leonard:Look, everything went fine. I didn’t even have to refer to my impromptu conversation starters. The woman across the hall is into me.
Howard:Let’s go to the tape. Look at her reaction to the goodnight kiss, no change in respiration, pupils un-dilated, no flushing of the chest.
Raj:Nice close up, by the way.
Sheldon:Interesting, her jaws are clenched, no tongue access, clearly a bad sign amongst mating humans.
Leonard:That’s not a bad sign.
Sheldon:Please, you might as well have been two iguana with no dewlap enlargement.
Raj:And the worst sign of all is, you’re here and not there.
Leonard:I’m not there because I’m taking things slow. Which, by the way, compared to you guys approaches warp speed. And take down that camera.
Raj:He was a lot more fun when he had no hope.
Howard:Give him time.
Penny :Hi.
Sheldon:Oh, hi Penny. FYI, the hot water is inadequate on machine 2 so colours only, and 4 is still releasing the fabric softener too early in the cycle so I’d avoid using that for your delicates.
Penny :Thanks.
Sheldon:Oh, good Lord. Why don’t you just take your clothes down to the river and beat them with a rock?
Penny:Sheldon, may I ask you a question?
Sheldon:I would prefer that you not, but I won’t go so far as to forbid it.
Penny:Alright, I heard yes, so… okay, here’s my question, has Leonard ever dated, you know, a regular girl.
Sheldon:Well I assume you’re not referring to digestive regularity? Because I’ve come to learn that such inquiries are inappropriate.
Penny:No, I meant has he ever been involved with someone who wasn’t a braniac?
Sheldon:Oh. Well, a few years ago he did go out with a woman who had a PhD in French Literature.
Penny:How is that not a braniac?
Sheldon:Well, for one thing, she was French. For another, it was literature.
Penny:So, do you think that if Leonard and I keep dating he’ll eventually get bored with me.
Sheldon:That depends.
Penny:On what?
Sheldon:Do you have a working knowledge of quantum physics?
Penny:No.
Sheldon:Do you speak Klingon?
Penny:No.
Sheldon:Do you know any card tricks?
Penny:Okay, okay, you know, I get it, Leonard has no business being involved with a waitress slash actress who felt so insecure that she lied to him about finishing community college.
Sheldon:Why would you lie about that?
Penny:Well, he was going on and on about this college and that grad school and I didn’t want him to think I was some stupid loser.
Sheldon:You thought the opposite of stupid loser was community college graduate?
Penny:You know, there are a lot of successful people in this country who are community college graduates.
Sheldon:Yeah, but you were neither.
Penny:Right, okay look, this is between you and me, you cannot tell Leonard any of this.
Sheldon:You’re asking me to keep a secret?
Penny:Yeah.
Sheldon:Well I’m sorry, but you would have had to express that desire before revealing the secret, so that I could choose whether or not I wanted to accept the covenant of secret keeping. You can’t impose a secret on an ex post facto basis.
Penny:What?
Sheldon:Secret keeping is a complicated endeavour. One has to be concerned not only about what one says, but about facial expression, autonomic reflexes, when I try to deceive, I myself have more nervous tics than a lyme disease research facility.  It’s a joke. It relies on the hominymic relationship between tick the blood-sucking arachnid, and tic the involuntary muscular contraction. I made it up myself.
Penny:Okay, look, if Leonard finds out that I lied, I will absolutely die of embarrassment.
Sheldon:Physiologically impossible.
Penny:Oh Sheldon, please, look, I’m asking you as a friend.
Sheldon:So you’re saying that friendship contains within it an inherent obligation to maintain confidences?
Penny:Well, yeah.
Sheldon:Interesting. See, one more question, and perhaps I should have led with this, when did we become friends?
Sheldon:I.e, I couldn’t become Green Lantern unless I was chosen by the guardians of Oa, but given enough start-up capital and an adequate research facility, I could be Batman.
Leonard:You could be Batman?
Sheldon:Sure.  I’m Batman. See.
Penny :Hi guys.
Leonard:Hey.
Sheldon :Hi Penny.
Leonard:Hey, Penny, if you’re not doing anything Friday night I thought maybe we could go and see a movie.
Penny:Oh, um, you know, I think I have the dinner shift on Friday.
Leonard:What about Saturday?
Penny:You know, I’m not sure, the manager hasn’t posted the schedule yet, how about I let you know.
Leonard:Great. So you just let me know when you know. So…  Oh God, I am the bad fish! What did I do wrong?
Sheldon:Why are you asking me, I have no information about your interactions with Penny other than what you provided me, nor do I have any method of learning such things.
Leonard :What does that mean?
Sheldon:Nothing. You seem to be implying an informational back channel between me and Penny where obviously none exists.
Leonard:No I didn’t.
Sheldon:I just think you need to be careful how you phrase things, sir.
Leonard:What’s going on with you?
Sheldon:Well I might ask you the same question. Why do you insist on attempting to drag me into matters which have nothing to do with me? But exist between you and Penny. A person to whom I barely speak.
Leonard:What’s wrong with your face?
Sheldon:There’s no reason to bring my looks into this. Good day, Leonard.
Leonard:What?
Sheldon:I said Good Day!
Leonard:Good day?
Penny:Also today we have a fresh caught Alaska salmon, and that’s served with a teriyaki glaze and sticky rice. Our soup of the day…
Sheldon :You must release me from my oath.
Penny:Sheldon, I’m working.
Sheldon:Why don’t you take a minute to decide  I can’t keep your secret Penny. I’m going to fold like an energy based anobo protein in conformational space. Like a renaissance triptych. Like a cheap suit.
Penny:Oh, look, why is it so hard for you to keep one little secret?
Sheldon:I’m constitutionally incapable. That’s why I was refused clearance for a very prestigious government research fellowship at a secret military supercollider, located beneath a fake agricultural station 12.5 miles south east of Travers City, Michigan. Which you did not hear about from me.
Penny:Look, just forget I told you about me not graduating from community college. Okay?
Sheldon:Forget! You want me to forget? This mind does not forget. I haven’t forgotten a single thing since the day my mother stopped breast feeding me. It was a drizzly Tuesday.
Penny:Okay, look, you promised me you would keep my secret so you’re just going to have to figure out a way to do it.
Sheldon :Leonard, I’m moving out.
Leonard:What do you mean, you’re moving out? Why?
Sheldon:There doesn’t have to be a reason.
Leonard:Yeah, there kind of does.
Sheldon:Not necessarily. This is a classic example of munchausen’s trilemma. Either the reason is predicated on a series of sub-reasons leading to an infinite regression, or it tracks back to arbitrary axiomatic statements, or it’s ultimately circular, i.e., I’m moving out because I’m moving out.
Leonard:I’m still confused.
Sheldon:Leonard, I don’t see how I could have made it any simpler.
Howard :Hey, qu’est q’wass up?
Raj:We just got back from that exhibit of those plasticised human cadavers.
Howard:And some of those skinless chicks were hot.
Sheldon:If you’ll excuse me, I’m going to pack.
Howard:That’s kind of an overreaction to a little harmless necrophilia.
Leonard:It’s not you, Howard, he says he’s moving out.
Raj:What did you do? Did you change the contrast or brightness settings on the television?
Leonard:No.
Raj:Did you take a band aid off in front of him?
Leonard:No.
Howard:Did you buy generic ketchup, forget to rinse the sink, talk to him through the bathroom door?
Raj:Adjust the thermostat, cook with cilantro, pronounce the T in often?
Leonard:No.
Howard:Did you make fun of trains?
Leonard:I didn’t do anything, he’s just gone insane.
Raj:Well, we all knew this day was coming.
Leonard:That was fast.
Sheldon:It’s my pre-packed disaster evacuation bag. Recommended by the department of homeland security. And Sarah Connor.
Leonard:Where are you gonna live?
Sheldon:Until I find a permanent place I will stay with friends.
Howard:Bye
Raj:Well you can’t stay with me, I have a teeny tiny apartment.
Sheldon:Excuse me, but isn’t hosting guests an aspect of Menushya Yajna, one of the five central religious duties or sacrifices of the Hindu householder?
Raj:I hate trains.
Sheldon:Don’t be ridiculous, you love trains.
Raj:Yes I do, come on. See you later Leonard.
Leonard:This could work.
Sheldon:This is a very old building.
Raj:Sixty years. Used to be a watch factory.
Sheldon:Uh-oh.
Raj:What?
Sheldon:Don’t you worry about the residual radium from the luminous dials?
Raj:Not until now.
Sheldon:I can’t believe I didn’t bring my gieger counter. You know, I had it on my bed and I didn’t pack it.
Raj:Well, if you’re not comfortable staying here, Sheldon…
Sheldon:I’m kidding, I packed it. It was a joke, I was subverting the conversational expectations. I believe they call that the, um, old switcheroo.
Raj:Terrific.
Sheldon :Is that woman Aishwarya Rai?
Raj:Yes, isn’t she an amazing actress.
Sheldon:Actually, I’d say she’s a poor man’s Madhuri Dixit.
Raj:How dare you. Aishwarya Rai is a Goddess. By comparison Madhuri Dixit is a leprous prostitute.
Sheldon:Sorry, I didn’t mean to offend you. Obviously you’re not that familiar with Indian cinema.
Howard:Who is it?
OTHER:Strippergram.
Raj:Tag. You’re it.
Howard:Shouldn’t you have put him in a brown paper bag and set him on fire?
Sheldon:I’ve never slept on an air mattress before. No lumbar support whatsoever.
Howard:Maybe you’d be happier on a park bench?
Sheldon:I don’t see any way to get a park bench in here.
Howard:Do you want to switch?
Sheldon:No, that’s fine. I’m perfectly comfortable sleeping on a bouncy castle.
Howard:Get out of bed, we’re switching.
Sheldon:Now, only if you want to.
Howard:Just get in the bed!
OTHER:What’s going on? Are you boys roughhousing?
Howard:We’re just talking ma.
OTHER:If you don’t settle down right now, I’m not going to let you have any more sleepovers.
Howard:For God’s sake, ma, I’m 27 years old. It’s not even a school night!  Comfy now?
Sheldon:Meh. That poster of Halle Berry’s a little unnerving.
Howard:So don’t look at it.
Sheldon:She’s like my fourth favourite catwoman.
Howard:No kidding?
Sheldon:Yeah, Julie Newmar, Michelle Pfieffer, Eartha Kitt and then her.
Howard:What about Lee Meriwether?
Sheldon:Oh, I forgot about Lee Meriwether.
Howard:Well I’m glad that’s settled.
Sheldon:That makes Halle Berry my fifth favourite catwoman. There’s Julie Newmar, Michelle Pfieffer, Eartha Kitt, Lee Meriwether…
Howard:Please, I’m begging you, go to sleep.
Sheldon:I’m trying, I’m counting catwomen. She did make a fine mutant in the X-Men movies though.
Howard:Oh for God’s sake.
Sheldon:But she’s not my favourite of the X-Men, in order that would be Wolverine, Cyclops, oh wait, I forgot Professor X. Professor X, Wolverine, Cyclops, Iceman, then Storm, Angel, the Beast, oh wait, Nightcrawler. Professor X, Nightcrawler, Wolverine, Cyclops, Iceman, then Storm, Angel….
Leonard:I’m coming!
Sheldon:Hey, there he is, there’s my old buddy-bud-bud.
Leonard:What’s with him?
Howard:Koothrappali dumped him on me, and he couldn’t get to sleep, so I gave him a glass of warm milk with a handful of my mom’s valium in it. But he still wouldn’t shut up, so, tag, you’re it.
Sheldon:I’m ba-ack!
Leonard:I still don’t know why you left.
Sheldon:I can’t tell you.
Leonard:Why not.
Sheldon:I promised Penny.
Leonard:You promised Penny what?
Sheldon:That I wouldn’t tell you the secret. Shhhhh!
Leonard:What secret. Tell me the secret.
Sheldon:Mom smokes in the car. Jesus is okay with it, but we can’t tell Dad.
Leonard:Not that secret, the other secret.
Sheldon:I’m Batman. Shhhhh!
Leonard:Dammit, Sheldon! You said Penny told you a secret, what was the secret.
Sheldon:Okay, I’ll tell you, but you can’t tell Leonard.
Leonard:I promise.
Sheldon:Penny lied about graduating from community college because she is afraid she’s not smart enough for Leonard.
Leonard:So it’s nothing I did? It’s her problem?
Sheldon:I drank milk that tasted funny.
Leonard:Penny thinks I’m too smart for her, that’s ridiculous.
Sheldon:I know, most of your work is extremely derivative. Don’t worry, that’s not a secret. Everybody knows.
Penny :Hi.
Leonard:Yeah, hi, listen, I know what’s been bothering you about us, and I have the answer.
Penny:What are you talking about.
Leonard:First I want to say that it’s not Sheldon’s fault, he tried very hard to keep your secret, if Howard hadn’t drugged him he would have taken it to his grave.
Penny:He told you?
Leonard:Yes, but it’s okay. Now that we know what the problem is, there’s a simple solution.
Penny:Pasadena city college?
Leonard:A place for fun, a place for knowledge. See, this man here’s playing hacky sack, and this girl’s going to be a paralegal.
Penny:Wow, I get it, because Dr Leonard Hofstadter can’t date a girl without a fancy college degree.
Leonard:Well, it’s really not that fancy, it’s just a city college.
Penny:Right, but I have to have some sort of degree to date you?
Leonard:That doesn’t matter to me at all.
Penny:So, it’s fine with you if I’m not smart.
Leonard:Absolutely.  Oh bite me!
Sheldon:Worst Renaissance Fair ever.
Leonard:Please let it go, Sheldon.
Sheldon:It was rife with historical inaccuracies. For example, the tavern girl serving flagons of mead, now her costume was obviously Germanic, but in 1487 the Bavarian purity laws or Rhineheitsgebot severely limited the availability of mead. At best they would have had some sort of spiced wine.
Leonard:You’re nitpicking.
Sheldon:Oh-ho! Really? Well here’s another nit for you. The flagons would not have been made of polypropylene.
Howard:Renaissance fairs aren’t about historical accuracy. They’re about taking chubby girls who work at Kinko’s and lacing them up in corsets so tight their bosom jumps out and says howdy.
Sheldon:Bosoms would not have said howdy in the fifteenth century. If anything they would have said “huzzah!”
Howard:I don’t care what the bosoms say, Sheldon, I just want to be part of the conversation.
Penny :Hi guys. Looks like you’ve been to the Renaissance fair. I’m hoping.
Sheldon:Renaissance fair? More of a medieval slash age of enlightenment slash any excuse to wear a codpiece fair.
Penny:Okay, fine, whatever, um, you guys, this is my friend Eric.
Howard:Hello.
Leonard:Hi.
OTHER:Hey.
Leonard:So, yeah, good to see you.
Penny:Yeah, yeah, it’s good to see you too. We should really go.
OTHER:Yeah.
Penny:Bye guys.
OTHER:Like your hat.
Howard:Thanks, my mom made it. Penny with a new guy, tres awkward.
Leonard:It wasn’t awkward. It wasn’t fun. Besides, what’s the big deal, we dated, we stopped dating, and now we’re both moving on.
Raj:By moving on, do you mean, she’s going out with other men and you spent the afternoon making fifteenth century soap with Wolowitz?
Sheldon:That was not fifteenth century soap, my God those people need to learn you can’t just put “ye olde” in front of anything and expect to get away with it.
Leonard:Can we please just go in, my chain mail is stuck in my underwear.
Sheldon:You’re wearing modern underwear?
Leonard:Relatively modern. Why, what are you wearing?
Sheldon:I fashioned historically accurate undergarments out of linen.
Leonard:You went out and bought linen?
Sheldon:Don’t be silly, I borrowed one of your pillow cases.
Leonard:Borrowed?
Leonard:You know what, I’m happy that Penny’s moving on. It gives me the freedom to move on myself.
Howard:Are you saying that you’ve been holding back?
Leonard:Of course. Out of respect.
Howard:So, how do you explain the ten years before Penny?
Raj:Who were you respecting then?
Leonard:What? I’ve dated plenty of women. There was Joyce Kim, Leslie Winkle.
Sheldon:Notify the editors of the Oxford English Dictionary, the word plenty has been redefined to mean two.
Leonard:Uh, what about that girl last year at Comic-con?
Raj:Doesn’t count.
Leonard:Why not?
Raj:What happens in costume at Comic-con, stays at Comic-con.
Howard:You’re only saying that because of what happened to you.
Leonard:What happened to you?
Raj:N-n-n-nothing happened to me.
Howard:It wasn’t your fault, Raj, he was dressed as a green Orion slave girl.
Raj:H-h-h-how did we get on me, we were mocking Leonard for not moving on. Dude, you have totally not moved on.
Leonard:Yes I have, it’s just a matter of actually making a date with someone.
Howard:Like who?
Leonard:Well, there’s Joyce Kim, but she defected back to North Korea so it’s a little geographically undesireable.
Raj:What about Leslie Winkle.
Sheldon:Oh no.
Raj:Why?
Sheldon:Her research methodology is sloppy, she’s unjustifiably arrogant about loop quantum gravity, and to make matters worse she’s often mean to me.
Raj:I think she’s smoking hot.
Howard:I’d hit that.
Sheldon:You’d hit particulate soil on a colloidal suspension. Mud.
Leonard:Look, I like Leslie, but she’s not interested in dating as much as using men as tools for stress release.
Howard:Yeah, so, be a tool. Go get yourself a little rebound stress release.
Raj:Technically it would only be rebound if he and Penny had actually engaged in physical intimacy.
Howard:You mean like you and Richard the slave girl?
Raj:I bought him dinner and we kissed once, that was it.  And he told me his name was Kimberley!
Sheldon:You know how I know we’re not in The Matrix?
Leonard:How?
Sheldon:If we were, the food would be better.
OTHER:Hey, Leonard.
Leonard:Hey, Leslie.
OTHER:Hey, dummy.
Sheldon:Hello to you, insufficiently intelligent person.
OTHER:Ooh, rush me to the burn unit. Hey, Leonard, do you have a second, I need to ask you something.
Leonard:Uh, sure.
Sheldon:Well, if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to go do work that promises significant results, as opposed to what you do, which does not. Yeah, you heard me.
OTHER:Wow. So, I heard your relationship with Penny crashed to the ground like blue ice falling out of an airplane lavatory.
Leonard:Where did you hear that?
OTHER:Actually I read it. Wolowitz texted me.
Leonard:Like blue ice falling out of an airplane lavatory. Yep.
OTHER:I thought it was a pretty good one, I gave him an L-O-L. Anyway, it got me thinking, now that you’re unattached maybe we can revisit our previous attachment.
Leonard:Are you suggesting another bout of stress release.
OTHER:No, I’m all done with casual sex. From now on I’m fully committed to the traditional relationship paradigm.
Leonard:Really, what changed?
OTHER:It’s hard to say, I guess there’s just a time in every woman’s life when she gets tired of waking up on a strange futon with a bunch of people she doesn’t know.
Leonard:Yeah, I can see how that would… a bunch of people?
OTHER:Anyway, I just figure it’s time to slow things down and who better to slow things down with than you?
Leonard:Oh, I’m flattered. So, how do you suggest we proceed?
OTHER:Your place, we’ll order Chinese, you’ll rent a movie, artsy but accessible, then light petting, no coitus.
Leonard:Sounds fun.
OTHER:I’ll leave the details up to you, I think it’s better if you assume the male role.
Leonard:Thank you, that’s very thoughtful.
OTHER:Great. Call me.
Sheldon:Great news. My mom sent me my old Nintendo 64.
Leonard:Terrific.
Sheldon:You know what this means, don’t you? Break out the Red Bull, it’s time to rock Mario old school.
Leonard:I kind of have other plans tonight.
Sheldon:But it’s Friday. Friday’s always vintage game night. Look, mom included the memory card, we can pick up where I left off in 1999 when I had pernicious anaemia.
Leonard:Well, the thing is, someone’s coming over.
Sheldon:Well then, no problem, I have three controllers, the more the merrier.
Leonard:Sheldon, it’s a date, I have a date coming over.
Sheldon:Oh, well you can’t blame me for not jumping to that conclusion.
Leonard:Why, what’s so unusual about me having a date?
Sheldon:Well, statistically speaking…
Leonard:Alright, alright. Well, uh, nevertheless, I have one now and I would appreciate it if you would, you know, make yourself scarce.
Sheldon:Leonard, I am a published theoretical physicist with two doctorates and an IQ which can’t be accurately measured by normal tests, how much scarcer could I be?
Leonard:You know what I mean, could you just give us a little privacy?
Sheldon:You want me to leave the apartment?
Leonard:Yes.
Sheldon:You mean just go someplace else and be… someplace else?
Leonard:Yes.
Sheldon:Well, why should I leave, this is my apartment too.
Leonard:I know it is, and if science ever discovers a second member of your species and you two would like some privacy I would be more than happy to get out of your way.
Sheldon:Well alright then.
Penny:Sheldon? What are you doing?
Sheldon:Playing Super Mario on a poorly coded Nintendo 64 emulator.
Penny:Yeah, but why are you doing it on the stairs?
Sheldon:I’m a modern day Napoleon exiled to the Elba of the staircase because Leonard, get this, has a date.
Penny:Oh. Oh, well, good for him. Yeah but, why are you sitting here, why don’t you just go to a movie or something?
Sheldon:Alone?
Penny:Yeah, why not?
Sheldon:What if I choke on my popcorn, who will administer the Heimlich manoeuvre.
Penny:Well then don’t order popcorn.
Sheldon:No popcorn at the mo… listen to yourself.
Penny:Well why don’t you go to a coffee shop.
Sheldon:I don’t drink coffee.
Penny:They have other things.
Sheldon:What do they have?
Penny:I don’t know, you know, cookies, pastries…
Sheldon:Pastries such as bearclaws?
Penny:Yeah, sure.
Sheldon:I don’t like bearclaws.
OTHER:Heya Penny. Dumbass.
Sheldon:Leslie Winkle. Of all the overrated physicists in all the labs in all the world, why does it have to be Leslie Winkle?
Penny:Well, they have a lot in common. I mean they’re both scientists.
Sheldon:Oh please. The only way she could make a contribution to science would be if they resume sending chimps into space.
Penny:Okay, well I have a date too, so see ya.
Sheldon:Everybody has a date. Even you, Mario, going after Princess Peach. And what am I doing, I’m just enabling you.
OTHER:This is pretty good Orange Chicken.
Leonard:Yeah, it’s from Changs.
OTHER:Not Chows?
Leonard:No, Changs.
OTHER:What happened to Chows?
Leonard:It changed.
OTHER:Oh. So, how many children do you think we should have?  I’m sorry, that was a little abrupt.
Leonard:A little.
OTHER:I mean there are so many things to talk about before we discuss reproduction.
Leonard:I sure hope so.
OTHER:Besides shortness, what genetic weaknesses run in your family?
Sheldon :I’m sorry to interrupt, batteries dying continue.
OTHER:Uh, genetic weaknesses, right, um, there’s the lactose intolerance.
Leonard:Okay, now my uncles are bald, but my Aunt Edna is one of the hairiest women you will ever meet. So… Sweet lady. It always tickles when she hugs me.  What now?
Sheldon:I have to make pee-pee.
Leonard:Listen, I’m sorry about all of Sheldon’s interruptions, he can be a bit of an eccentric.
OTHER:If by eccentric you mean passive-aggressive East Texas blowhole, I agree.
Leonard:Well, I think tonight was a very good start.
OTHER:Me too. You’re sure you’re okay postponing intercourse until our relationship is past the initial viability test?
Leonard:No problem, I’m very skilled at postponing intercourse. So I guess I’ll call you and we’ll arrange another evening.
OTHER:Yes. I believe protocol dictates that you wait a minimum of 18 hours before you call so I’m not repulsed by your cloying eagerness.
Leonard:Sure.
OTHER:Again, it’s your decision, you’re the man.
Penny :No, it wasn’t my cat, it was an experiment designed by this guy named Schrodinger.
OTHER:From the Charlie Brown cartoons?
Penny:No, he was some kind of scientist, let me start again. Oh, hey Leonard.
Leonard:Hello.
Penny:Leslie.
OTHER:Hi.
Leonard:Okay, well, goodnight.
Penny:Okay, well, goodnight.
Leonard:Right
Penny :Okay, goodnight.
OTHER:What?
Penny:Had a great time, ciao
Sheldon:I’m sorry, I am not going back to the Renaissance Fair.
Howard:Come on, Sheldon, there’s so few places I can wear my jester costume.
Sheldon:I don’t care. There are far too many historical anomalies for my comfort.
Raj:Oh, okay, how about this. You can go dressed as a Star Trek science officer exploring a planet similar to Earth in the 1500s.
Sheldon:You mean like Spock?
Raj:Sure.
Sheldon:Fascinating.
OTHER:Hey fellow scientists. Sheldon.
Leonard:Hey, why don’t we all move over there so Leslie can join us.
Howard:Hmm, let’s do it.
Sheldon:If you’re having trouble deciding where to sit may I suggest one potato two potato, or as I call it the Leslie Winkle experimental methodology.
Leonard:Don’t make this hard for me.
Sheldon:It’s not hard. It’s simple. You can either sit with me, your friend, colleague and roommate, or you can sit with an overrated scientist you might have sex with.
Leonard:You’re right, it is simple.
Penny:Hey, Sheldon.
Sheldon:Penny.
Penny:Third floor tonight. Mixing it up?  Oh. You know, I still don’t understand why you just don’t go to dinner or something.
Sheldon:Alright, let’s say I go to dinner alone. And during the meal I have to use the rest room. How do I know someone’s not touching my food?
Penny:Goodnight Sheldon.
Sheldon:Penny, hold on. Are you sure things can’t work out with you and Leonard?
Penny:Excuse me?
Sheldon:I’m just wondering if you really gave it the old college try? Or in your case the old community college try?
Penny:Okay, where is this coming from?
Sheldon:Leonard is upstairs right now with my arch enemy.
Penny:Your arch enemy?
Sheldon:Yes, the Doctor Doom to my Mr Fantastic. The Doctor Octopus to my Spiderman. The Doctor Sivana to my Captain Marvel.
Penny:Okay, I get it, I get it, I get it.
Sheldon:Do you know, it’s amazing how many supervillains have advanced degrees. Graduate school should probably do a better job of screening those people out.
Penny:Sheldon, come back, you’re losing me.
Sheldon:Leslie Winkle, Penny. She belittles my research.
Penny:Oh, sweetie, I’m sorry.
Sheldon:She called me dumbass.
Penny:I know. I heard.
Sheldon:Given this situation, I have no choice but to withdraw my previous objections to your ill considered relationship with Leonard.
Penny:Oh, gee, well, thankyou for that. But, um, I think for now Leonard and I are just going to stay friends.
Sheldon:No, that response is unacceptable to me.
Penny:Sheldon, you are a smart guy, you must know…
Sheldon:Smart? I’d have to lose 60 IQ points to be classified as smart.
Penny:Are you going to let me talk?
Sheldon:I’m sorry.
Penny:You must know that if Leonard and Leslie want to be together, nothing you can do is going to stop it.
Sheldon:You continue to underestimate my abilities madam.
Penny:Okay, let me put it this way, if you’re really Leonard’s friend you will support him no matter who he wants to be with.
Sheldon:Wait a minute, why am I doing all the giving here? If Leonard’s really my friend, why doesn’t he have to support me in my hatred of Leslie Winkle?
Penny:Because love trumps hate.
Sheldon:Oh now you’re just making stuff up.
Penny:Okay. Goodnight Sheldon.
Sheldon:Oh Mario. If only I could control everyone the way I control you. Hop, you little plumber, hop, hop, hop.
Sheldon :When the two of you reach a natural stopping point I’d like to have a word.
Leonard:If the word is pee-pee, just do it.
Sheldon:Leonard, you are my friend. And friends support their friends, apparently. So I am withdrawing my objection to your desire to have a relationship with Leslie.
Leonard:Thank you.
Sheldon:I will graciously overlook the fact that she is an arrogant sub-par scientist, who actually believes loop quantum gravity better unites quantum mechanics with general relativity than does string theory. You kids have fun.
OTHER:Hang on a second. Loop quantum gravity clearly offers more testable predictions than string theory.
Sheldon:I’m listening, amuse me.
OTHER:Okay, well, for one thing we expect quantii space-time to manifest itself as minute differences in the speed of light for different colours.
Sheldon:Balderdash. Matter clearly consists of tiny strings.
OTHER:Are you going to let him talk to me like that?
Leonard:Okay, well, there is a lot of merit to both theories.
OTHER:No there isn’t, only loop quantum gravity calculates the entropy of black holes.
Leonard:Sheldon, don’t make that noise, it’s disrespectful.
Sheldon:I hope so, it was a snort of derision.
OTHER:You agree with me, right, loop quantum gravity is the future of physics.
Leonard:Sorry Leslie, I guess I prefer my space stringy not loopy.
OTHER:Well, I’m glad I found out the truth about you before this went any further.
Leonard:Truth, what truth? We’re talking about untested hypotheses, uh, it’s no big deal.
OTHER:Oh, it isn’t, really? Tell me Leonard, how would we raise the children?
Leonard:I guess we let them wait until they’re old enough and let them choose their own theory.
OTHER:We can’t let them choose, Leonard, they’re children.
Leonard:Wait, where are you going?
OTHER:I’m sorry, I could have accepted our kids being genetically unable to eat ice-cream or ever get a good view of a parade, but this? This is a deal breaker.
Sheldon:Look on the bright side.
Leonard:What’s the bright side?
Sheldon:Only nine more months to comic-con.
Leonard:Oh yeah.
Sheldon:Captain, I’m getting an unusual reading.
Leonard:Yeah, that’s great, you guys want corn dogs?
Howard:Yeah.
Sheldon:That’s a temporal anomaly. Corn dogs didn’t come into existence until the first half of the twentieth century.
Sheldon:Fellow warriors, this is Sheldor the Conqueror. We are about to enter Axel’s fortress. Now this is a long run, so let’s do another bladder check. Alright Barry, we’ll wait for you again, but you really should see a doctor.  Penny, are you experiencing some sort of difficulty?
Penny:Yes, I can’t get my stupid door open.
Sheldon:You appear to have put your car key in the door lock, are you aware of that?
Penny:Yeah!
Sheldon:Alright then.
Penny:Dammit, dammit, dammit, dammit, dammit, dammit.
Sheldon:Would it be possible for you to do this a little more quietly?
Penny:I can’t get the damned key out.
Sheldon:Well that’s not surprising. That Baldwin lock on your door uses traditional edge mounted cylinders, whereas the key for your Volkswagon uses a centre cylinder system.
Penny:Thankyou, Sheldon.
Sheldon:You’re welcome. Point of inquiry, why did you put your car key in the door lock?
Penny:Why? I’ll tell you why. Because today I had an audition, it took me two hours to get there, I waited an hour for my turn, and before I could even start they told me I looked too Midwest for the part. Too Midwest? What the hell does that even mean?
Sheldon:Well, the American Midwest was mostly settled by Scandinavian and Germanic peoples who, well they have a characteristic facial bone structure….
Penny:I know what it means, Sheldon! God, you know, I have been in L.A. for almost two years now, and I haven’t got a single acting job, I have accomplished nothing, haven’t gotten a raise at work, haven’t even had sex in six months, and just now when I was walking up those stairs a fly flew in my mouth and I ate it.
Sheldon:Well, actually, insects are a dietary staple in many cultures, they’re almost pure protein.
Penny :Oh, sonofabitch!
Sheldon:I believe the condensation on your frozen foods weakened the structural integrity of the bag. But returning to your key conundrum, perhaps you should call a locksmith and have him open the door for you.
Penny:I did, and he said he’ll get here when he gets here.
Sheldon:And you’re frustrated because he phrased his reply in the form of a meaningless tautology?
Penny:No! I am frustrated because I am a failure at everything and my breath smells like fly.
Sheldon:There there.  Would you prefer to wait in our apartment?
Penny:No Sheldon, I’d rather sit on this freezing cold floor sobbing like a three year-old.
Sheldon:Alright then.
Penny:For God’s sake!
Sheldon:Just when I think I’ve gotten the hang of sarcasm.
Sheldon:Make yourself comfortable.  Sheldor is back online.
Penny:Sheldor?
Sheldon:The Conqueror.
Penny:What are you doing?
Sheldon:AFK. I’m playing Age of Conan, an online multiplayer game set in the universe of Robert E. Howard’s Conan the Barbarian.
Penny:Oh.
Sheldon:Sheldor, back online.
Penny:What’s AFK?
Sheldon:AFK. Away from keyboard.
Penny:OIC.
Sheldon:What does that stand for?
Penny:Oh, I see?
Sheldon:Yes, but what does it stand for?
Sheldon:Now just click on the enchanted boots to put them on.
Penny:Oh, I don’t know. Can I see them in another colour?
Sheldon:Just click on them. Congratulations, you are now a level three warrior.
Leonard:What’s going on?
Penny:Leonard, guess what, I’m a level three warrior.
Leonard:Great, you know there are groceries outside of your apartment?
Penny:Yeah yeah yeah, shhh!
Leonard:I only bring it up because your ice-cream is melting and it’s starting to attract wildlife.
Penny:Uh-huh, yeah, do I stay in the jungle or go towards the beach?
Sheldon:It doesn’t matter, right now you’re looking for treasure.
Penny:Okay.  Wait, wait, where are you going?
Sheldon:You’re okay, if you run into crocodiles just kick them with your boots.
Leonard:Want to catch me up?
Sheldon:Well let’s see, uh, she attempted to open her apartment with her car key, because her face is overly Midwestern, um, she hasn’t had sex in six months, and she ate a fly.
Leonard:Uh-huh. Seriously, six months?
Penny:Oh my God, a treasure chest, I’m rich!
Sheldon:Level three and she thinks she’s rich! What a noob.
Raj:Okay, we’re all set.
Howard:Let her rip.
Penny :Hi!
Leonard:Hey, check it out, it’s just corn starch and water.
Sheldon:They make up a non-Newtonian fluid which is liquid, but solid under the percussive action of the speaker.
Howard:That’s what makes it get all funky.
Penny:Yeah, okay. Listen, I need to talk to Sheldon.
Howard :No, that’s what she said, Sheldon.
Penny:Okay, look, I bought the game, and I’ve been exploring the Island of Tordage but I can’t figure out how to get past the guard captain.
Sheldon:Do you have the enchanted sword?
Penny:No, no, I’ve a bronze dagger.
Sheldon:You can’t slay the guard captain with a bronze dagger, my Lord it’s like the car key in your apartment door all over again.
Penny:Alright, alright, how do I get the sword?
Sheldon:Well, have you been to the Temple of Mithra?
Penny:Is that the place on the hill with the weird priests in front of it?
Sheldon:No, no, no, it’s… oh for God’s sakes, gimme.
Penny:Thank you, I really appreciate this.
Sheldon:You’re going to have to learn to do these things for yourself, Penny.
Penny:Don’t patronise me, just get the sword.
Howard:What the frak?
Leonard:Beats me. They were playing all last night too.
Raj:It’s like some kind of weird comic book crossover.
Howard:Like if Hulk were dating Peppermint Patty.
Raj:I always thought Peppermint Patty was a lesbian?
Leonard:No, that’s Marcie. Peppermint Patty’s just athletic.
Sheldon:There you go, one enchanted sword.
Penny:Right, gimme, gimme, gimme, I want to kill the guard captain. .
Sheldon:That girl needs to get a life.
Sheldon:Danger, danger.
Penny:No danger, look, it’s just me, Penny, look, I got to level 25 and reached Purple Lotus Swamp, right?
Sheldon:You’re in my bedroom.
Penny:Yeah. Leonard gave me an emergency key.
Sheldon:People can’t be in my bedroom.
Penny:Okay, well can we go talk in the living room?
Sheldon:I’m not wearing pyjama bottoms.
Penny:Why not?
Sheldon:I spilled grape juice.
Penny:Well, wear different pyjamas.
Sheldon:I can’t wear different pyjamas, these are my Monday pyjamas. Penny, people cannot be in my bedroom.
Penny:Okay, just tell me, is it too soon to join a quest to the Black Castle?
Sheldon:You were invited on a quest to the Black Castle?
Penny:Yeah, yeah, by some guys in Budapest, I’m just not sure it’s the right move for my character.
Sheldon:Of course it’s not, you’re only a level 25, the Hungarians are just using you for dragon fodder.
Penny:Really? Boy, you’d think you could trust a horde of Hungarian barbarians.
Sheldon :Please Penny, enough, I have to sleep.
Leonard :Sheldon, you want to catch me up again?
OTHER:People, I am very busy today.
Sheldon:I realise that Dr Gablehauser but it is your job, as head of the department, to mediate all inter-departmental disputes. University policy manual chapter four, subsection two, mediation of inter-departmental disputes.
OTHER:Fine. Dr Winkle, what colourful name did you call Dr Cooper this time?
OTHER:Dr Dumbass.
OTHER:Dr Cooper, Dr Winkle apologises.
Sheldon:No she doesn’t.
OTHER:No I don’t.
Sheldon:Here’s the problem. I was clearly signed up to use the mainframe in Buckman 204, and Dr Winkle just wantonly ripped the sign-up sheet off the wall.
OTHER:It wasn’t even an official sign-up sheet. He printed it himself and he put his name down in every slot for the next six months.
Sheldon:If it is a crime to ensure that the universities resources are not being squandered chasing sub-atomic wild geese then I plead guilty.  Oh, Penny!
OTHER:You need to get that Dr Cooper?
Sheldon:God, no.
OTHER:Well don’t turn it off, you might miss your call from the Nobel committee letting you know you’ve been nominated as dumbass laureate of the year.
Sheldon:Oh yeah, well, you wouldn’t even be nominated. Dr Gablehauser, I have a series of important multi-bit calculations and simulations to run. All she’s doing is reducing irrelevant data and making a mock…
Sheldon:Hello. Penny, this is not a good time. No, I told you, you’re not prepared for the Sanctum of Burning Souls. You need to be in a group of at least five for that quest, and one should be a level 35 healer. Penny, I can’t log on and help you. We’ll talk when I get home.  I’m not getting the computing time, am I?
OTHER:Dumbass.
Sheldon:Leonard, you have to do something about Penny. She is interfering with my sleep, she’s interfering with my work, and if I had another significant aspect of my life, I’m sure she’d be interfering with that too.
Leonard:Why should I do something, you’re the one who introduced her to online gaming.
Sheldon:Well, yes, but you’re the one who said hello to her when she moved in. If you’d simply restrained yourself none of this would be happening.
Leonard:Why don’t you just tell her to leave you alone.
Sheldon:I did. I told her, I texted her, I sent out a very emphatic twitter. I even changed my facebook status to Sheldon Cooper wishes Penny would leave him alone. I don’t know what else to do.
Leonard:Well, what am I supposed to do?
Sheldon:I don’t know, but if you don’t figure something out, I warn you I shall become very difficult to live with.
Leonard:You mean, up until now we’ve been experiencing the happy funtime Sheldon?
Sheldon:Yes.
Leonard:I’ll go talk to her.
Penny:No, Fritz, I need you on my flank. No, I don’t know German. Flankenzie, flankenzie!
Leonard :Hey Penny.
Penny:Busy.
Leonard:Yeah, I see that. Shouldn’t you be at work?
Penny:I don’t work on Mondays.
Leonard:It’s Thursday. Listen, Penny.
Penny:Uh, Queen Penelope AFK. What?
Leonard:Okay, um, here’s the thing, um, sometimes people, good people, you know, they start playing these games and they find themselves through no fault of their own, you know, kind of, addicted.
Penny:Yeah, get to the point, I’m about to level up here.
Leonard:Well, i-i-i-it’s just if a person doesn’t have a sense of achievement in their real life it’s easy to lose themselves in a virtual world where they get a false sense of accomplishment.
Penny:Yeah, jabber jabber jabber, okay boys, Queen Penelope’s back online.
Leonard:Penny, you’ve got cheetos in your hair.
Leonard:Wow.
OTHER:Hey Penny, it’s me again, Leonard.
OTHER:Leonard, I said not now.
OTHER:Yeah, I know, I’m just a little concerned about you.
OTHER:I said not now.
OTHER:Okay, maybe later.
Raj:Hey guys.
OTHER:Hey.
Raj :Hey, what’s with him?
Leonard:Penny’s been keeping him up at night.
Howard:Me too. But probably in a different way.
Leonard:She’s gotten really hooked on Age of Conan, she’s playing non-stop.
Raj:Ah, yes, online gaming addiction. There’s nothing worse than having that multi-player monkey on your back.
Leonard:Sheldon, wake up.
Sheldon:Danger, danger.
OTHER:Afternoon men. Sheldon.
Sheldon:Oh yeah, well your attempt at juvenilizing me by excluding me from the set of adult males…. oh, I’m too tired to do this.
OTHER:Right, I heard you’ve been pulling all nighters with middle-earth Barbie.
Sheldon:She comes into my room. No-one’s supposed to be in my room.
OTHER:Well, I would postulate that she’s escaping into the online world to compensate for her sexual frustration.
Howard:I do that too. But probably in a different way.
Leonard:That’s not what she’s doing, Leslie, she’s just trying to shore up her self esteem, it has nothing to do with sex.
OTHER:Everything has to do with sex.
Howard:Mmmm, testify.
OTHER:I’m not touching that.
Leonard:Leslie, you are way off base here.
Sheldon:Hang on, Leonard, while I have no respect for Leslie as a scientist, or a human being for that matter, we have to concede her undeniable expertise in the interrelated fields of promiscuity and general sluttiness.
OTHER:Thank you. My point is that Tinkerbell just needs to get her some.
Sheldon:Some what? Oh, yes, some sexual intercourse.
Howard:I’ll take the bullet.
Leonard:Excuse me, this whole idea is insane.
Sheldon:Yeah, yeah, enough debate, I’m going to take action.  Excuse me, are you currently involved in a sexual relationship?
OTHER:No.
Sheldon:Would you like to be?
OTHER:Uh, sure, why not?
Leonard:Sheldon…
Sheldon:Zip it pip it. Can I have your phone number?
OTHER:Uh…
Sheldon:There, problem solved.
OTHER:Dumbass.
Penny:Okay, I’m at the gate to the Treasury of the Ancients, I’m going in.
Sheldon:Stay close to the wall. Avoid the mummies.
Penny:Got it.
Sheldon:I must say, you’re playing very well for a woman of 23?
Penny:22.
Sheldon:Right. 22.
Penny:Oh, here come the mummies, which spell do I use? The hateful strike, or the frenzy stance?
Sheldon:What happened to the rest of your group?
Penny:I dumped them, they’re a bunch of wussies.
Sheldon:Frenzy stance.
Penny:Frenzy, frenzy, frenzy, frenzy, frenzy!
Sheldon:So listen, would you describe your ideal vacation as a wild adventure to unknown lands, or staying at home curled up with a good book?
Penny:What?
Sheldon:These are market research questions. I’m filling out the online registration for your game.
Penny:Oh, okay, wild adventure. Oh, frenzy stance isn’t working, die you undead mummy, die!
Sheldon:Drink a healing potion.
Penny:Thank you.
Sheldon:You’re welcome. Anyhow, on a scale of 1 to 5, with 1 being always initiated by him, and 5 being always initiated by you, how do you prefer your sexual encounters to begin?
Penny:That’s on the registration?
Sheldon:Oh yes, it’s quite extensive. But if we complete it, we get a free expansion pack, 75 additional quests.
Penny:Ooh, awesome, okay, I totally like to initiate I’m a big old five.
Sheldon:Good to know. Big old five.
Leonard:Hello.
OTHER:Hi.
Sheldon:Leonard, this is Tom.
Leonard:Hi Tom. Sheldon? Didn’t I explain to you about your little mistake in the cafeteria?
Sheldon:Yes, you were very clear, as was everyone else at the table. Tom, however, has been chosen by science as a suitable mate for Penny.
Leonard:Chosen by science?
Sheldon:Well, what passes for science on dating sites. They claim to use heuristic algorithms, but it may well be hokum.
Leonard:You got Penny to sign up for online dating?
Sheldon:No, of course not. No, I used trickery and deceit.
Leonard:This is bad.
Sheldon:Tom is a paramedic with the fire department, but he’s going to med school at night, uh, he likes the outdoors, and, uh, strong women who initiate sex.
Leonard:Really, really bad.
Sheldon:I’m surprised you struck out with Penny. Apparently she’s a big old five.
Penny :Sheldon, what do you want.
Sheldon:Oh, good, you got my note. Penny, I’d like you to meet Tom, uh, Penny, this is Tom, Tom, may I present Penny.
OTHER:Hi Penny.
Penny:Yeah, Hi, listen, as long as I’m here, I’m on a quest with a bunch of noobs, they don’t know what they’re doing, we’ve got one assassin, three spellcasters and no tank.
Sheldon:Can we talk about this later.
Penny:No, no, no, no, I need you now.
Sheldon:But wouldn’t you prefer to socialise with Tom, who is a sexually passive outdoorsman.
Penny:Whatever, I’ll figure it out myself.
OTHER:Bye, Penny. I’m sorry, dude, she didn’t look anything like her picture.
Leonard:They never do.
OTHER:Hello, fair Penny.
OTHER:Who are you?
OTHER:It is I, Sir Howard of Wolowitz. Can I interest you in an afternoon of spirited questing, followed by a flagon of ale at yon virtual tavern?
OTHER:Yeah, sure, why not?
Penny:Oh my God, I need help.
Leonard:Let’s see, Raj was the Kung Palo Chicken.
Penny:I’m the dumplings.
Howard:Yes, you are.
Penny:Creepy, Howard.
Howard:Creepy good or creepy bad?
Leonard:Who was the Shrimp with Lobster Sauce?
Howard:That would be me. Come to Poppa, you un-kosher delight.  I’m not necessarily talking to the food.
Penny:Sit over there.
Sheldon :Sit over there. Baby wipe?
Penny:What do you have….
OTHER:Don’t! Don’t! Don’t!
Sheldon:I’ll tell you why.
OTHER:O-o-o-oh!
Sheldon:I had to sanitize my hands because the university replaced the paper towels in the rest rooms with hot air blowers.
Penny:I thought the blowers were more sanitary?
OTHER:Why? Don’t!
Sheldon:Hot air blowers are incubators and spewers of bacteria and pestilence. Frankly it would be more hygienic if they just had a plague infested gibbon sneeze my hands dry.
Penny:Gosh, Raj, do you think you’ll ever be able to talk in front of me without being drunk?  Okay, well, I’ll just, um, go eat by myself.
Leonard:Penny, you don’t have to do that.
Penny:No, it’s okay, between
Raj:She’s so considerate.
Howard:So what’s your news?
Raj:Remember that little planetary object I spotted beyond the Kuiper belt?
Leonard:Oh yeah, two zero zero eight NQ sub seventeen.
Raj:Or as I called it, Planet Bollywood. Anyway, because of my discovery, People magazine is naming me one of their thirty under-30 to watch.
OTHER:Well, wow, that’s incredible.
Sheldon:Excuse me. Thirty what, under thirty what, to watch what?
Raj:Thirty visionaries under thirty years of age to watch as they challenge the preconceptions of their fields.
Sheldon:If I had a million guesses I never would have gotten that.
Raj:It’s pretty cool, they’ve got me in with a guy who’s doing something about hunger in Indonesia, and a psychotherapist who’s using dolphins to rehabilitate prisoners, and Ellen Page, star of the charming independent film Juno.
Howard:Oh, I’d so do her.
Leonard:You’d do the dolphins.
Howard:Do I get an honourable mention for designing the telescope camera mounting bracket you used.
Raj:Sorry, it’s not part of my heartwarming and personal narrative, in which a humble boy from New Delhi overcame poverty and prejudice and journeyed to America to reach for the stars.
Howard:Poverty? Your father’s a gynaecologist, he drives a Bentley.
Raj:It’s a lease.
Sheldon:I’m confused. Was there some sort of peer review committee to determine which scientists would be included?
Raj:Peer review? It’s People magazine. People picked me.
Sheldon:What people?
Raj:The people from People.
Sheldon:Yeah, but exactly who are these people? What are their credentials, how are they qualified, what makes accidentally noticing a hunk of rock that’s been traipsing around the solar system for billions of years more noteworthy than any other scientific accomplishment made by someone under thirty?
Raj:Boy, I bet Ellen Pages friends aren’t giving her this kind of crap.
Leonard:Are you proud of yourself?
Sheldon:In general, yes.
Sheldon:Oh, there’s my missing neutrino. You were hiding from me as an unbalanced charge, weren’t you, you little subatomic Dickens?
Leonard :Hi Sheldon.
Sheldon:Here, look, look, I found my missing neutrino.
Howard:Oh, good, we can take it off the milk cartons.
Leonard:Well, we’re going to go apologise to Raj and invite him out to dinner.
Sheldon:Apologise, for what?
Leonard:Well, he came over last night with some pretty good news, and we weren’t very supportive.
Sheldon:I sense you’re trying to tell me something.
Howard:You were a colossal ass-hat.
Sheldon:Oh! No, I beg to differ. Of the three of us, I was by far the most supportive.
Leonard:Really, do tell.
Sheldon:How will Raj ever reach true greatness if his friends lower the bar for him? When I was eleven, my sister bought our father a “world’s greatest dad” coffee mug, and frankly the man coasted until the day he died.
Leonard:Okay, let’s try it this way, what if the People magazine thing is the best Raj is ever going to achieve?
Sheldon:I had not considered that.
Leonard:Come on.
Sheldon:I often forget other people have limitations. It’s so sad.
Howard:He can feel sadness?
Leonard:Not really, it’s what you and I would call condescension.
Leonard:And when we go in there, let’s show Raj that we’re happy for him.
Sheldon:But I’m not.
Howard:Well then fake it. Look at me, I could be grinding on the fact that without my stabilizing telescope mount he never would have found that stupid little clump of cosmic schmutz, but I’m bigger than that.
Sheldon:Fine, what do you want me to do?
Leonard:Smile.
Howard:Oh crap, that’s terrifying.
Leonard:We’re here to see Koothrappali, not kill Batman.
Howard:Try less teeth.
Leonard:Close enough, come on.  Hi Raj.
Raj:Hey guys, what’s up?
Howard:We just wanted to invite you out to dinner tonight.
Leonard:Celebrate your thirty under thirty thing. Right Sheldon?
Raj:It’s very nice of you, I would like that.
OTHER:Hello boys.
Raj:Dr Gablehouser.
OTHER:Dr Koothrappali.
Leonard:Dr Gablehauser.
OTHER:Dr Hoffstadter.
Sheldon:Dr Gablehauser.
OTHER:Dr Cooper.
Howard:Dr Gablehauser.
OTHER:Mister Wolowitz. Boys, I’ve got a question for you. Who in this room discovered a star?
Raj:Actually, 2008 NQ sub 17 is a planetary body.
OTHER:I’m not talking about you, I’m talking about me. You, my exotic young friend are my star.
Sheldon:Well, you didn’t discover him, you merely noticed he was here, much like he did with 2008 NQ sub 17.
Leonard:Sheldon!
Sheldon:Oh, sorry.
OTHER:Well, we’ve got to get you into a better office, something more suited to your status.
Raj:Really, you don’t have to go to any trouble.
OTHER:How about if I put you in Von Gerlick’s old office?
Raj:I’d rather have Fishbine’s, it’s bigger.
OTHER:Done.
Howard:Wait a minute, I called dibs on Fishbine’s office the day he started showing up at work in his bathrobe.
Sheldon:He gets a new office, I can’t even get paper towels in the men’s room?
Leonard:Sheldon.
Sheldon:Damn, this is hard.
OTHER:Let me ask you something, what do you think the business of this place is?
Leonard :Science?
OTHER:Money.
Howard:Told you.
OTHER:And this boy’s picture in People magazine is going to raise us a pile of money taller than… well, taller than you
Howard:I have a master’s degree.
OTHER:Who doesn’t? Dr Koothrappali, have you ever had lunch in the President’s dining room?
Raj:I didn’t even know there was a President’s dining room.
OTHER:It’s the same food as the Cafeteria, only fresh. Come on little buddy.
Raj:Okay, big buddy. See you tonight guys.
Leonard:You can stop smiling now.
Sheldon:Aaaah!
Raj:So anyway, after a fantastic lunch I was whisked off to the People magazine photo shoot… have any of you boys ever been to a photo shoot?
Leonard:No.
Raj:It’s fantastic, apparently the camera loves me and I it. They shot me in front of a starry background where I posed like this.  They’re going to digitally add a supernova, they say it’s the perfect metaphor for my incandescent talent.
Sheldon:Right, a ball of hot flaming gas that collapses in on itself.
Raj:Excuse me. Oh, it’s my assistant Trevor. Go for Koothrappali. Uh-huh.
Howard:They gave him an assistant? If I want a new pen I have to go to the bank with wire cutters.
Sheldon :Have we at this point met our social obligations?
Leonard:Not yet.
Raj:Okay, just put it on my calendar but start thinking of a reason why I can’t go, alrighty? Koothrappali out. God bless that boy, I don’t know what I’d do without him.
Leonard:You just got him this afternoon.
Raj:Yes, but I’m finding that having a lackey suits me.
Leonard:A lackey?
Raj:Oh, I’m sorry, is that politically incorrect? In India we just call them untouchables.
Sheldon:Now?
Leonard:Almost.
Raj:Speaking of untouchables, I’ve got great news for you guys. People magazine is having a reception this Saturday, and I managed to get you invited.
Howard:Oh, gee, thanks.
Raj:Oh, you’re welcome. Of course, I couldn’t get you into the VIP section, because, you know, that’s for VIPs, and you guys are just, you know, Ps.
Sheldon:There’s a tribe in Papua New Guinea where, when a hunter flaunts his success to the rest of the village they kill him, and drive away evil spirits with a drum made of his skin. Superstitious nonsense of course, but one can see their point.
Penny :Here you go, Raj, you might want to drink this one slowly.
Raj:Okay, so, Saturday night, can I count on my posse?
Howard:Gee, I’d love to Raj, but I can’t make it.
Raj:Oh, okay, Leonard?
Leonard:Well, uh, no I… the… no.
Raj:Sheldon?
Sheldon:I can make it, but I won’t.
Penny:What are you guys talking about?
Raj:Well, there’s a reception for my magazine article on Saturday.
Penny:And you guys aren’t going? I can’t believe you, Raj is celebrating a tremendous accomplishment and you’re not even going to be there to support him?
Sheldon:A tremendous accomplishment would be if the planetary body he discovered were plummeting toward Earth and he exploded it with his mind.
Howard:That would be cool. I’d go to that reception.
Penny:Come on, this is huge, Raj is going to be in People magazine. And he didn’t even have to knock up one of the Spears sisters.
Raj:Would you like to go with me?
Penny:Of course I would, I would be honoured.
Raj:Really? Cool.
Penny:Shame on you guys.
Raj:Look at that. I got a date with Penny. I can’t believe it took you a whole year.
Sheldon:Now?
Leonard:Now.
Raj:Hey, buddy. I’m going to be in people magazine.
OTHER:Yeah, call me when you’re on the cover.
Penny:Oh, Raj, look at you!
Raj:I know, I am resplendent like the noonday sun, am I not?
Penny:Um, yeah, starting with the champagne a little early aren’t you?
Raj:It was in the limo. They sent a limo. I have a limo. I just love saying limo. Here, sip on this while you’re getting ready.
Penny:Oh, I’m ready.
Raj:That’s what you’re wearing.
Penny:Um, yeah, why what’s wrong with it?
Raj:Nothing, I was just hoping for something a little more, you know, redonkulous.
Penny:Yeah, well, this is all the donkulous you’re gonna get.
Raj:Okey dokey, let’s roll. Alright, it’s time to raise the roof. Oo-ooh, oo-ooh.
Penny :Hey Leonard.
Leonard:Hey.
Raj:Dude.
Leonard:You look very nice.
OTHER:Thank you.
Penny:Uh, come on, good night Leonard.
Leonard:Good night.
Raj:Hey, Leonard, did you see my limo downstairs.
Leonard:Yeah.
Raj:It’s bigger than the house my grandfather grew up in.
Leonard:Terrific.
Raj:It has more food too.
Penny:Alright, come on, come on.
Raj :I’m coming up so you better get this party started.
Leonard :Hey.
Howard:Hey, good news, you don’t have to sulk about Penny any more, look, there are hundreds of Croatian women just waiting for you to contact them.
Leonard:Anythingforagreencard.com?
Howard:I’ll lend you my user name, it’s wealthybigpenis.
Leonard:You’re joking.
Howard:Well, you gotta make it easy for them, they’re just learning English.
Leonard:Pass.
Howard:So you’re just going to sit around here and mope while Penny is out with Doctor Apu from the Kwik-e-Mart?
Leonard:It’s not a date, and that’s racist.
Howard:It can’t be racist, he’s a beloved character on the Simpsons.
Leonard:Let’s just eat so I can get to bed. With any luck tonight will be the night my sleep apnoea kills me.
Sheldon:Did you remember to ask for the chicken with broccoli to be diced not shredded?
Leonard:Yes.
Sheldon:Even though the menu description specifies shredded?
Leonard:Yes.
Sheldon:Brown rice, not white?
Leonard:Yes.
Sheldon:Did you stop at the Korean grocery and get the good hot mustard.
Leonard:Yes.
Sheldon:Did you pick up the low sodium soy sauce from the market?
Leonard:Yes.
Sheldon:Thank you.
Leonard:You’re welcome.
Sheldon:What took you so long?
Leonard:Just sit down and eat.
Sheldon:Fine.
Leonard:Alright, it’s shredded, what do you want me to do?
Sheldon:I want you to check before you accept the order.
Leonard:Sorry.
Sheldon:Were you distracted by the possibility that Koothrappali might have intercourse with Penny tonight?
Leonard:He’s not going to have intercourse with Penny.
Sheldon:Then there’s no excuse for this chicken. You know, this situation with Koothrapali brings to mind a story from my childhood.
Howard:Oh goody, more tales from the panhandle.
Sheldon:That’s Northwest Texas, I’m from East Texas, the Gulf region, home to many Vietnamese shrimpers.
Leonard:Do the shrimpers feature in your story?
Sheldon:No. Anyway, when I was eight, a Montgomery-Ward delivery van ran over our cat, Lucky.
Howard:Lucky?
Sheldon:Yes, Lucky.
Leonard:He’s irony impaired, just move on.
Howard:Okay, dead cat named Lucky, continue.
Sheldon:While others mourned Lucky, I realised his untimely demise provided me with the opportunity to replace him with something more suited to my pet needs. A faithful companion that I could snuggle with at night, and yet would be capable of killing upon telepathic command.
Howard:So, not a puppy?
Sheldon:Please, no, nothing so pedestrian. I wanted a griffin.
Leonard:A griffin?
Sheldon:Yes, half eagle, half lion.
Leonard:And mythological.
Sheldon:Irrelevant. See, I was studying recombinant DNA technology and I was confident I could create one, but my parents were unwilling to secure the necessary eagle eggs and lion semen. Course my sister got swimming lessons when she wanted them.
Howard:Sheldon, not that we don’t all enjoy a good lion semen story, what’s your point.
Sheldon:My point is, if Koothrappali is moving on to a new life of shallow, undeserved fame, perhaps this is an opportunity to create a better cohort.
Leonard:You want to breed a new friend?
Sheldon:That’s one option, but who has the time? But consider this, the Japanese, they’re doing some wonderful work with artificial intelligence, now, you combine that with some animatronics from the imagineers over at Disney, next thing you know, we’re playing Halo with a multi-lingual Abraham Lincoln.
Howard:Sheldon, don’t take this the wrong way, but, you’re insane.
Leonard:That may well be, but the fact is, it wouldn’t kill us to meet some new people.
Sheldon:Uh, for the record, it could kill us to meet new people. They could be murderers, or the carriers of unusual pathogens, and I’m not insane, my mother had me tested.
Leonard:If we do get a new friend, he should be a guy you can trust. A guy who has your back.
Howard:And he should have a lot of money, and live in a cool place down by the beach where we could throw parties.
Sheldon:He should share our love of technology.
Howard:And he should know a lot of women.
Leonard:Yeah, let’s see, money, women, technology, okay we’re agreed, our new friend is going to be Iron Man.
Raj:Welcome to the Raj Mahal.
Penny:Yes, it’s very nice, goodnight Raj.
Raj:No, wait, the evening’s not over.
Penny:Yes it is.
Raj:No, it’s time to put on some R. Kelly and suck face.
Penny:Oh, wow, is the evening over.
Raj :Wait, wait, that’s my mummy and daddy calling from India. I want you to meet my parents.
Penny:Wait, meet them.
Raj :Hello mummy and daddy, good to see you. I’m not drunk.
OTHER:Why would you say that?
Raj:Just making conversation. Mummy, daddy, I want you to meet my new squeeze, Penny.
Penny:I am not your squeeze. There is no squeezing.
OTHER:I can’t see her, centre her in the frame.
Raj:Here you go, cute huh?
OTHER:She’s not Indian.
OTHER:So, she’s not Indian, the boy’s just sowing some wild oats.
Penny:No, no, there’s no sowing, no squeezing, and no sucking face.
OTHER:What if he gets her pregnant. Is this little hotsy-totsy who you want as the mother of your grandchildren.
Raj:What right do you have to pick who I can have children with?
OTHER:Look, Rajesh, I understand, you’re in America, you want to try the local cuisine. But trust me, you don’t want it for a steady diet.
Raj:Now you listen to me, I am no longer a child, and I will not be spoken to like one. Now if you’d excuse me, I have to go throw up.
OTHER:What’s wrong with him?
Penny:I don’t know, maybe it’s the local cuisine. Okay, well, it’s nice to meet you, just gonna set you on down over here, and I’m going to leave so, Namaste.  And FYI, you’d be lucky to have me as a daughter-in-law.
OTHER:She’s feisty. I like that.
Raj :Sorry.
Penny:Oh, sweetie, it’s okay.
Sheldon:Good morning, Leonard.
Leonard:Uh-huh.
Sheldon:Yeah, we’re going to have to stop by Pottery Barn on the way to work, I bought these Star Wars sheets but they turned out to be much too stimulating to be compatible with a good night’s sleep. I don’t like the way Darth Vader stares at me.
Leonard:I’m not going to work.
Sheldon:Oh, just because your career’s been stagnant for a few years, that’s no reason to give up.
Leonard:Sheldon, I was up all night using the new free-electron laser for my X-ray diffraction experiment.
Sheldon:Did the laser accidentally burn out your retinas?
Leonard:No.
Sheldon:Then you can drive. Let’s go.
Leonard:Didn’t I tell you I’d be working nights, and that you’d have to make other arrangements.
Sheldon:You did.
Leonard:And?
Sheldon:I didn’t. Let’s go.
Leonard:Goodnight, Sheldon.
Sheldon:But how am I going to get to work?
Leonard:Take the bus.
Sheldon:I can’t take the bus any more. They don’t have seatbelts. And they won’t let you lash yourself to the seat with bungee cords.
Leonard:You tried to lash yourself to the seat with bungee cords?
Sheldon:I didn’t try, I succeeded. For some reason it alarmed the other passengers and I was asked to de-bus.
Leonard:Oh, you’re a big boy, you’ll figure it out.
Sheldon:Don’t talk to me like I’m a child. Now, take me to return my star wars sheets!
Sheldon:Penny…
Penny :Sheldon, what is it?
Sheldon:Leonard’s asleep.
Penny:Thanks for the update
Sheldon:No, wait. You have to drive me to work.
Penny:Yeah, uh, I really don’t think I do.
Sheldon:But I don’t drive, and I can’t take the bus.
Penny:Yeah, honey, you’ll be fine as long as you don’t do that bungee cord thing, okay?
Sheldon:Penny. Didn’t you recently state that you and I are friends?
Penny:Yes, Sheldon, we are friends.
Sheldon:Then I hereby invoke what I’m given to understand is an integral part of the implied covenant of friendship. The favour.
Penny:Oh, dear God.
Sheldon:I’m sorry, I didn’t realize I was interrupting your morning prayers. When you’re done, we’ll go.
Sheldon:Thank you for driving me to work.
Penny:You know this is my day off, Sheldon.
Sheldon:Oh, good. I’m not keeping you from anything. Your check engine light is on.
Penny:Mm-hmm.
Sheldon:Typically that’s an indicator. To, you know, check your engine.
Penny:It’s fine, it’s been on for, like, a month.
Sheldon:Well, actually, that would be all the more reason to, you know, check your engine.
Penny:Sheldon, it’s fine.
Sheldon:If it were fine, the light wouldn’t be on. That’s why the manufacturer installed that light, to let you know it’s not fine.
Penny:Uh, maybe the light’s broken.
Sheldon:Is there a “check the check engine light light”?  O-o-o-oh!
Penny:What?
Sheldon:Studies have shown that performing tasks such as eating, talking on a cell phone or drinking coffee while driving reduces one’s reaction time by the same factor as an ounce of alcohol.
Penny:Do you have any alcohol?
Sheldon:Of course not.
Penny:Too bad.
Sheldon:You’re going up Euclid Avenue?
Penny:Mm-hmm.
Sheldon:Leonard takes Los Robles Avenue.
Penny:Well, good for Leonard.
Sheldon:Euclid Avenue is shorter as the crow flies, but it has speed bumps, which appreciably increase point-to-point drive time, making it the less efficient choice. But you have the conn. Of course, if you’re not going to slow down for the speed bumps, I withdraw my previous objection. Here’s a fun question. Do you know what the most common street name is?
Penny:No.
Sheldon:The answer’s tricky. It’s Second Street. You see, you’d think it would be First Street, but in most towns, First Street eventually gets renamed to something else, you know, like Main Street, Broad Street, Michigan Avenue. Leonard and I often use our commute time to exercise our minds  with brain-teasers like that. We also play games. Would you like to play one?
Penny:No.
Sheldon:Oh, come on, it’s fun. Ooh! Another bump. Okay. I’ll say an element, and uh, you say an element whose name starts with the last letter of the one I said, okay? I’ll start. Helium. Now, you could say Mercury. That would give me a Y. Ooh.  Very clever, that’s a tough one. So I go Ytterbium, which gets you back to M. So you go Molybdenum, and I say Magnesium, you say Manganese, and  I say Europium, and, and you’re left with Mendelevium, and  there are no more M’s because I believe that Meitnerium should still be called Ekairidium, so congratulations, you win. Do you wanna go again?
Penny:How about we just have a little quiet time now?
Sheldon:All right. Hmm, huh, I’m sorry, I’m finding your reckless nonchalance regarding the check-engine light to be very troubling.
Penny :Get out.
Sheldon:Well, I have to tell you that while I do have a theoretical understanding of the workings of an internal combustion engine, I’m not sure I’m capable of performing diagnostics.
Penny:I said, get out.
Sheldon:Okay. I’ll give it a shot.
Sheldon:Oh, Leonard, there you are, I’m ready to go home.
Leonard:I just got here.
Sheldon:Good, perfect timing.
Leonard:Sheldon, I told you, I only have access to the free-electron laser at night. I can’t drive you for the next few weeks.
Sheldon:No, you said you couldn’t drive me to work, this is from work.
Leonard:Howard, help me out here.
Howard:No, just for the fun of it, I’m gonna take his side.
Sheldon:Now, how do you propose I get home?
Leonard:How did you get here in the first place?
Sheldon:Penny. But I sense that’s no longer an option.
Leonard:Look, I need to get to the laser lab, you’re just going to have to find someone else to take you home.
Howard:Oh damn, I picked the wrong side.
Sheldon:Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Oh God, not Euclid Avenue! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Raj:Why did Howard leave you in the middle of the road anyway?
Sheldon:We had a difference of opinion.
Raj:Over what?
Sheldon:Whether or not he was trying to kill me. For the record, I maintain he was. Where are you going?
Raj:I’m taking you home.
Sheldon:Oh, but I’m not going home. It’s Wednesday, Wednesday is new comic book day, we have to go to the comic book store. And then we have to stop at Soup Plantation, it’s creamy tomato soup day, and Radio Shack, there’s a sale on triple-a batteries. Plus, we have to go to Pottery Barn and return my Star Wars sheets.
Raj:I have a better idea.
Sheldon:You want to go to pottery barn first?
Sheldon:Can you drive me to Pottery Barn?  Maybe if I turn off the night-light, I can keep the sheets.
Sheldon:Good morning.
OTHER:Good morning.
Leonard:Sheldon, sit down.
Sheldon:She’s in my spot. Don’t look at me like that, everybody knows that my spot.
Penny:Sheldon, you know  that we care about you.
Howard:And it’s because we care about you that we’ve decided we have to speak up.
Penny:You’re hurting the people around you, sweetie.
Leonard:So we made you an appointment, and we want you to keep it.
Sheldon:Department of motor vehicles new driver handbook? But I don’t have a problem.
Leonard:Sheldon, you need to learn how to drive.
Howard:This madness has to stop.
Leonard:Penny’s taking you to the DMV, I’m going to bed.
Sheldon:Why Penny?
Leonard:Because rock breaks scissors, goodnight.
Penny:All right, come on Sheldon.
Sheldon:Hold on, I have one condition.
Penny:What?
Sheldon:We have to stop at Pottery Barn.
Penny:Okay.
Sheldon:And Radio Shack.
Penny:Fine.
Sheldon:And the comic book store.
Penny:All right!
Howard:Ooh, I want to go to the comic book store.
Raj:I like comic books.
Sheldon:I just don’t see why I need a driver’s license, Albert Einstein never had a driver’s license.
Howard:Yeah, but Albert Einstein didn’t make me wet myself at 40 miles an hour.
Penny:Yeah, and I never wanted to kick Albert Einstein in the nuts. You know, I gotta ask, why didn’t you just get a license at 16 like everybody else?
Sheldon:I was otherwise engaged.
Penny:Doing what?
Sheldon:Examining perturbative amplitudes in n=4 supersymmetric theories leading to a re-examination of the ultraviolet properties of multi-loop n=8 supergravity using modern twistor theory.
Penny:Well, how ’bout when you were 17?
Sheldon:I’m actually more of a theorist.
Howard:The application in your hand, give it to her.
Sheldon:Oh.
OTHER:Take this to the testing area, put your name at the top, sign the bottom, answer the questions, bring it back, next!
Sheldon:Excuse me, but I have some concerns about these questions.
OTHER:Look at that sign up there.
Sheldon:Yes?
OTHER:Does it say I give a damn?
Sheldon:No.
OTHER:That’s because I don’t.
Sheldon:Just, look, see, this first question makes no sense, how many car lengths should you leave in front of you when driving? There’s no possible way to answer that, a car length is not a standardized unit of measure.
OTHER:Look at the sign.
Penny:Sheldon, it’s C, just put down C.
Sheldon:I don’t need your help, Penny.
OTHER:Listen to that little girl, honey, put C. Next!
Sheldon:No, no, wait, no, hang on, look at this next question.
Howard:Sheldon, why are you arguing with the DMV?
Sheldon:How else are they going to learn? Look, question 2, when are roadways most slippery? Now, okay, there are three answers, none of which are correct. The correct answer is, when covered by a film of liquid sufficient to reduce the coefficient of static friction between the tire and the road to essentially zero, but not so deep as to introduce a new source of friction.
OTHER:Here’s your learner’s permit. Go away.
Sheldon:But I’m not done. I have many additional concerns about these questions.
OTHER:Don’t make me climb over this counter.
Penny:Come on, let’s go.
OTHER:Next!
Sheldon:Aced it.
Howard:Okay, that’s it, let’s boot it up.
Leonard:Booting.
Howard:This is a state-of-the-art simulator. I adapted it from something a friend of mine designed for the army.
Sheldon:Is that why I appear to be in downtown Fallujah, behind the wheel of an up-armored Humvee?
Howard:I haven’t configured it yet. Let’s see… Bradley tank… transport truck…  Batmobile…
Sheldon:Ooh!
Leonard:No.
Howard:Here we go, red 2006 Ford Taurus on the streets of Pasadena.
Sheldon :Hmmmm?
Howard:What?
Sheldon:Statistically, red cars are stopped by police far more often than any other colour. I don’t want any hassles with the fuzz.
Howard:Fine, what colour do you want?
Sheldon:You know the pale blue of Luke Skywalker’s lightsaber, before it was digitally remastered?
Howard:Black it is.
Leonard:Okay, now, what you want to do first is turn on the ignition and shift into drive.
Sheldon:I haven’t fastened my seat belt yet.
Leonard:Okay, fasten your seat belt.
Sheldon:Click. Now, are there air bags?
Leonard:You don’t need air bags.
Sheldon:What if a simulated van rear-ends me?
Penny:I’ll hit you in the face with a pillow.
Leonard:Okay, now shift into drive, pull out slowly into traffic.
Penny:Oh.
Leonard:Oh.
Howard:Oh.
Leonard:Watch out.
Howard:Oh God!
Leonard:Watch, watch out, watch out for pedestrians!
Penny:Oh God, wait, slow, hit the brakes, hit the brakes!
Sheldon:Thank you.
Sheldon:Sorry… excuse me… my bad… student driver…
Leonard:How did you manage to get on the second floor of the Glendale galleria?
Sheldon:I don’t know. I was on the Pasadena freeway, I missed my exit, flew off the overpass, and one thing led to another.
Leonard:Maybe you want to give it a rest and try again tomorrow.
Sheldon:No. I quit.
Leonard:Aw, the pet store?
Sheldon:Remind me to compliment Wolowitz on the software, it’s amazingly detailed.
Leonard:So wait,you’re just gonna give up?
Sheldon:No, I’m not giving up, I never give up.
Leonard:So what is it you’re doing?
Sheldon:I’m transcending the situation. I’m clearly too evolved for driving.
Leonard:What does that mean?
Sheldon:Leonard, have you ever wondered why my little toes and lateral incisors are significantly smaller than the average for someone of my size?
Leonard:I wonder a lot of things about you, Sheldon, but not… not that.
Sheldon:Well, those are indicators that I’m farther along the evolutionary scale than the average human.
Leonard:No kidding.
Sheldon:Well, no, no, I’m not going to go so far as to say that I represent a distinct new stage in humankind, you know, a Homo Novus, if you will, no, that’s for anthropologists to decide. But I am convinced that the reason I cannot master the plebeian task of driving is because I’m not meant to.
Leonard:Yes, you are, you’re meant to learn how to drive. Please learn how to drive!
Sheldon:No, no. Leonard, I’m meant for greater things, like unraveling the mysteries of the universe, not determining when it’s safe to pass a stopped school bus on a country road.
Leonard:It’s never safe.
Sheldon:Yeah, well, I know that now.
Leonard:Fine. Assuming that everything you say is true, how does the biologically superior Homo Novus get to work tomorrow morning?
Sheldon:Homo Novus doesn’t know.
Leonard:Well, hang in there, maybe you’ll evolve into something with wings.
Sheldon:Good morning, gentlemen.
Leonard:Hey.
Raj:Good morning. Is there some new kind of casual Friday I don’t know about?
Leonard:No, he lives here now.
Howard:Really? Why?
Leonard:Well, since he won’t take the bus and he’s too evolved to drive, he decided it would be easier to just sleep in his office and shower in the radiation lab until I’m finished with my experiment.
Raj:But you finished your experiment a week ago.
Leonard:Yep
OTHER:Oh my God, again?
OTHER:It must be rats.
OTHER:Rats don’t make toast and cut off the crust.
Sheldon:You saw nothing!
Leonard:So, if any of you are considering going into experimental physics, my door is always open. Once again, I’m sorry that the demonstration didn’t quite work out, but now we know what happens when you accidentally spill peach Snapple into a helium neon laser. Short answer is… don’t. And now to tell you about the theoretical physics department is Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Dr. Cooper?
Sheldon :Forget it.
Leonard:Excuse me. Sheldon, we both agreed to do this.
Sheldon :It’s a waste of time. I might as well explain the laws of thermodynamics to a bunch of labradoodles.
Leonard:If you don’t do this, I won’t take you to the comic book store.
Sheldon :Hello. Nice work with the laser, by the way. Looking out at your fresh young faces, I remember when I too was deciding my academic future as a lowly graduate student. Of course, I was 14, and I’d already achieved more than most of you could ever hope to, despite my 9 o’clock bedtime. Now, there may be one or two of you in this room who has what it takes to succeed in theoretical physics, although, it’s more likely that you’ll spend your scientific careers teaching fifth graders how to make paper mache volcanoes with baking soda lava.
Leonard:Oh, good God.
Sheldon:In short, anyone who told you that you would someday be able to make any significant contribution to physics played a cruel trick on you, a cruel trick indeed. Any questions? Of course not. I weep for the future of science. Now if you’ll excuse me, the latest issue of Batman is out. Come, Leonard.
Leonard:Laser demonstration’s looking pretty good now, huh?
Raj:I love this time of the year. The leaves are turning, there’s a bracing chill in the air.
Howard:Plus there’s a whole new crop of female grad students about to put on just enough winter weight to make them needy and vulnerable. That’s right, honey, have another calzone, Daddy can wait.
Raj:Isn’t there a university policy against dating graduate students?
Leonard:No, if you can talk to them, you can ask them out.
Raj:Damn, there’s always a catch.
OTHER:Hey, guys.
Leonard:Hey, Leslie.
OTHER:So, dumbass, I heard you made a grad student throw up last night.
Sheldon:The truth can indeed be a finger down the throat of those unprepared to hear it. But why should I cater to second-rate minds?
OTHER:Because first-rate minds call you “dumbass”?
Sheldon:Oh, yeah? Well… you’re a mean person.
OTHER:Excuse me, Dr. Cooper, I’m Ramona Nowitzki, I was at your talk last night. I think you’re just brilliant.
Sheldon:That is the prevailing opinion.
OTHER:Oh, now I’m gonna throw up.
Howard:Howard Wolowitz, department of engineering, co-designer of the International Space Station’s Liquid Waste Disposal System.
OTHER:Ew. Dr. Cooper, I’ve read everything you’ve published. I especially liked your paper on grand unification using string-network condensates and was wondering how you determined that three-dimensional string-nets provided a unified picture of fermions and gauge bosons?
Sheldon:Amazing, an intelligent labradoodle.
Howard:Woof.
Sheldon:The fact is I’m quite close to a breakthrough in showing how neutrinos emerge from a string-net condensate.
OTHER:Oh, my God, that would change the way we view the entire physical universe.
Sheldon:It’s what I do.
Howard:You know, the Pishkin-Wolowitz Liquid Waste Disposal System is turning a few heads as well.
OTHER:Again, ew. You know, I’d love to hear more about how you intend to add neutrinos. Could we get a cup of coffee sometime?
Sheldon:I don’t drink coffee.
Howard:I do. I love me a cup of joe.
OTHER:Well, it doesn’t have to be coffee. How about dinner?
Sheldon:I do eat dinner.
OTHER:Great. I know a terrific little Italian place.
Sheldon:I never eat in strange restaurants. One runs the risk of non-standard cutlery.
OTHER:Excuse me?
Leonard:Sheldon lives in fear of the three-tined fork.
Sheldon:Three tines is not a fork, three tines is a trident. Forks are for eating, tridents are for ruling the seven seas.
OTHER:What if I brought food to your place?
Sheldon:That would be acceptable. On Mondays, I eat Thai food. Mee krob and chicken sate with extra peanut sauce from Siam Palace.
OTHER:You got it. I already have your address.
Sheldon:What a nice girl.
Howard:Sheldon, do you have any idea what just happened?
Sheldon:Yes. Apparently I’m getting a free dinner.
Penny:Oh, yeah, no, this thing’s majorly out of order.  See? Sorry.
OTHER:That’s okay. Guess I’m taking the stairs.
Penny:Where you going?
OTHER:4-A.
Penny:Oh, are you here to see Leonard?
OTHER:No, Dr. Cooper.
Penny:Dr. Sheldon Cooper?
OTHER:We’re having dinner.
Penny:Sheldon Cooper? Tall, thin, looks a little like a giant praying mantis?
OTHER:He is cute, isn’t he?
Penny:Sheldon Cooper?
OTHER:Hi, Leonard.
Leonard:Hey, Ramona. Come on in.
OTHER:Thanks. Where should I put this?
Leonard:Uh, the kitchen’s fine.  Hey, what are you doing?
Penny:I need to see this.
Leonard:Uh-huh. The viewing area’s right over there. Sheldon, your girl… date… person… Ramona’s here.
Sheldon:Oh, hello.
OTHER:Oh, sorry I’m late. I just got so caught up reading the draft of your latest paper.
Sheldon:Did you enjoy the humorous footnote where I illustrate mirror-symmetry by likening it to the Flash playing tennis with himself?
OTHER:So funny. But the idea that you might be able to incorporate gravity, I have to tell you, I found it physically exhilarating.
Sheldon:My hypotheses tend to have that effect.
OTHER:I’m sorry I didn’t bring enough for your friends. I assumed we were going to be alone.
Leonard:Oh, yeah. No, we were just going.
Howard:To watch, right?
Leonard:No, come on, now, we’re going out.
Penny:Oh, come on, we’ll be quiet.
Leonard:Let’s go. Okay, you two, just, have a nice… whatever this is.
Penny :Okay, you guys, look, I know this is none of my business, but I just, I have to ask, what’s Sheldon’s deal?
Leonard:What do you mean “deal”?
Penny:You know, like what’s his deal? Is it girls? Guys? Sock puppets?
Leonard:Honestly, we’ve been operating under the assumption that he has no deal.
Penny:Come on, everybody has a deal.
Howard:Not Sheldon. Over the years, we’ve formulated many theories about how he might reproduce. I’m an advocate of mytosis.
Penny:I’m sorry?
Howard:I believe one day Sheldon will eat an enormous amount of Thai food and split into two Sheldons.
Leonard:On the other hand, I think Sheldon might be the larval form of his species, and someday he’ll spin a cocoon and emerge two months later with moth wings and an exoskeleton.
Penny:Okay, well, thanks for the nightmares.
Leonard:Hey, do you want to hang out with us?
Penny:What are you guys gonna do?
Leonard:Uh…
Howard:My mom’s making a brisket tonight.
Leonard:The one with the little onions? Mmm.
Penny:Yeah, I’m busy, so, goodnight.
Howard:Her loss. Let’s go.
Raj:Brisket party! B-to-the-R-to-the-I-S-K… To-the-E-to-the-T… Ooh…
Leonard:Don’t.
Leonard:Hey, aren’t you having breakfast?
Sheldon:Yes.
Leonard:Are you experimenting with nutritional suppositories again?
Sheldon:Not in these pants.
Leonard:So, how’d it go with Ramona last night?
Sheldon:Oh, great. She’s smart, insightful and she has a very unique way of, you know, revering me.
OTHER:Here’s your spinach mushroom omelette .
Sheldon:Thank you. Did anyone touch it?
OTHER:Gloves were worn by everyone involved. I was vigilant.
Sheldon:Ramona pointed out that I’ve been wasting 20 minutes a day standing on cafeteria lines.
OTHER:Time which would be better spent tackling the great physics problems of our day.
Sheldon:You don’t tackle the big issues, Ramona. You fence with them. En garde. Riposte.
Leonard:Touche.
OTHER:Morning.
Leonard:Ah, hey Leslie.
OTHER:So, Sheldon, I see you’re organizing your papers for the Smithsonian Museum of Dumbassery.
OTHER:There won’t be any room until they get rid of the permanent Leslie Winkle exhibit.
Sheldon:Oh, good one.
OTHER:I see you got a grad student to fight your battles for you. I’ll let you keep your lunch money today.
OTHER:Okay, Dr. Cooper is on the verge of a breakthrough. If you’re going to stay, you’ll have to be respectful and quiet.
Leonard:Wait for me.
OTHER:So have you worked out the neutrino issue?
Sheldon:Well, to paraphrase Mozart, all the subatomic particles are there, I just have to put them in the right order.
OTHER:You’re so witty.
Sheldon:Aren’t I?
Penny:Hey, guys, this package came for y…
OTHER:Dr. Cooper is working.
Sheldon:Yes, I’m close to a breakthrough. Ooh, it tickles
Penny:Sorry.  Holy crap on a cracker.
Leonard:Hey, Penny.
Penny:Hi. You know, you probably don’t want to go in there.
Leonard:Why? What are they doing?
Penny:You know, the only way I could explain it would be in a therapist’s office with dolls.
Leonard :Hoo-boy.
OTHER:Dr. Cooper’s working.
Leonard:Yeah, I can see that. Sheldon, Halo night, Koothrappali’s. You coming?
Sheldon:Oh, yes, it’s Halo night. Let me just dry my tootsies.
OTHER:You’re not going to Halo night.
Sheldon:Yes, I am. It’s Wednesday. Wednesday’s Halo night.</i>
OTHER:Didn’t a great man once say, “Science demands nothing less than the fervent and
Sheldon:He did.
OTHER:And who was that great man?
Sheldon:Me. Sorry, Leonard.
Leonard:Seriously? You’re not coming?
Sheldon:You heard her. How can I argue with me?
Leonard:Okay, well, once again, you guys have a good… whatever this is.
OTHER:Dr. Cooper, I have to tell you, your friends are holding you back.
Sheldon:I prefer to think of it as I’m pulling them forward.
OTHER:Halo night? A man with your intellectual gifts doesn’t waste an evening playing video games.
Sheldon:He does on Wednesdays.
OTHER:Not if he wants a Nobel Prize.
Sheldon:He does want that. Does a man with my intellectual gifts play paintball on weekends?
OTHER:What do you think?
Sheldon:Drat.
OTHER:Now shall we get back to work?
Sheldon:I suppose. Battlestar Galactica comes on tonight.  And then never ever watch it.
OTHER:To the sound of “You Can Be My Yoko Ono” by Barenaked Ladies  we see 1. the guys set off for paintball while Sheldon, dressed in paintball gear, sadly waves them goodbye, 2. Ramona catch Sheldon hiding behind the shower curtain playing on a Nintendo DS, 3. Ramona remove a book Sheldon is reading to reveal a Batman comic underneath, 4. Sheldon escape the apartment in his paintball gear only to be chased back inside by Ramona returning with groceries, she finds him sitting in his underpants with his paintball helmet still on.
Penny:Sheldon, honey, I’ve told you, it’s a small apartment, you only have to knock one time.
Sheldon:Please, please, I don’t have a lot of time. Look, Ramona finally dozed off, and I need you to help me get rid of her.
Penny:Get rid of her how?
Sheldon:I don’t know, but apparently I’m in some kind of relationship, and you seem to be an expert at ending them.
Penny:Excuse me?
Sheldon:I see man after man leaving this apartment never to return.
Penny:Okay, first of all, it is not man after man.
OTHER:Dr. Cooper?!
Sheldon:Hide me.
Penny:Hide you?
Sheldon:I formally request sanctuary.
OTHER:Why aren’t you working?
Sheldon:Um… she distracted me. I told you, Penny, I don’t have time for your nonsense, I have important things to do.
Penny:Oh, man.
OTHER:I know what’s going on here.
Penny:Really? Well, then will you explain it to me?
OTHER:You’re in love with Dr. Cooper.
Penny:Uh, yeah, no, that’s not it.
OTHER:Don’t try to deny it. He’s a remarkable man, but you have to let him go.
Penny:Oh, gee, okay.
OTHER:I know it’s hard, but he’s a gift to the whole world, and we can’t be selfish.
Penny:Yeah, he’s a gift all right.
OTHER:Sisters?
Penny:Um, sure, sisters.  Holy crap on a cracker.
Leonard:Sheldon?  What are you doing?!
Sheldon:It’s Morse code.
Leonard:Why?
Sheldon:So we can communicate through the wall.
Leonard:We are communicating through the wall.
Sheldon:Yes, but the communication is not encrypted.
Leonard:I don’t know Morse code.
Sheldon:It’s very simple. This is A  this is C…
Leonard:Sheldon, I’m not going to learn Morse code at three o’clock in the morning!
Sheldon:All right.
Leonard:Don’t come in here, don’t come in here, don’t come in here, don’t  Aw! What’s going on?
Sheldon:Shh! Ramona’s sleeping on the couch.
Leonard:I know. When is she going home?
Sheldon:Never, that’s the problem. I need your help.
Leonard:What are you talking about?
Sheldon:I’m invoking the Skynet clause of our friendship agreement.
Leonard:That only applies if you need me to help you destroy an artificial intelligence you created that’s taking over the Earth.
Sheldon:Come on! Don’t nitpick!
Leonard:Good night.
Sheldon:Shh. All right, I’m invoking our bodysnatchers clause.
Leonard:The bodysnatchers clause requires me to help you destroy someone we know who’s been replaced with an alien pod.
Sheldon:Yes. She’s in the living room. Go, I’ll wait here.
OTHER:Sheldon, what are you doing out of bed?
Sheldon:Now! Do it!
OTHER:You know you need your sleep in order for your cognitive processing to perform at optimum levels. Now come on.
Sheldon:Godzilla clause?
Leonard:Not unless she destroys Tokyo.
Sheldon:Rats.
Sheldon :I’ve got it! I finally reconciled the black hole information paradox with my theory of string-network condensates!
OTHER:It’s unbelievable! It’s paradigm-altering!
Sheldon:And I could not have done it without you.
OTHER:Oh, please, I just offered a little encouragement.
Sheldon:It was a lot more than that. You helped me work out the masses of all the fermions, and you pumiced my hammer toe. How can I ever repay you?
OTHER:Well, would you consider naming it the Cooper-Nowitzki Theorem?
Sheldon:Who’s Nowitzki?
OTHER:I’m Nowitzki.
Sheldon:Oh, you want me to share credit?
OTHER:Uh-huh.
Sheldon:Get out!
Penny:Oh, hey, hi.
OTHER:Oh, bite me!
Penny:Sisters?
OTHER:Excuse me, Dr. Cooper, I’m Kathy O’Brien. I just finished reading your paper reconciling the black hole information paradox with your theory of string-network condensates, and it just took my breath away.
Sheldon:Maybe when I publish it, I’ll include an inhaler.
OTHER:Would you possibly have any time for me to pick your brain?
Sheldon:Let’s see, today’s Thursday. Thursday nights, I eat pizza from Giacomo’s. Sausage, mushrooms, light olives.
OTHER:Great. I’ll bring it to your place. I have the address.
Sheldon:What a nice girl.
Leonard:Sheldon, do you see what just happened here?
Sheldon:Yes, I’m getting a free pizza. I’m on a roll.
Sheldon:More Pad Thai, please.
Howard:Sheldon, you’ve already had four servings.
Raj:You might want to slow down a bit, buddy.
Sheldon:Just one more bite.
Leonard:Sheldon? Sheldon, are you okay?
Sheldon:I’m just so… full.
Leonard:That’s it. No more Thai food.
Sheldon:Time. Alright Klingons, pencils down.
Leonard:Okay, I have pokh.
OTHER:Have it. Got it.
Leonard:Potl.
OTHER:Yup. Have it. Have it.
Leonard:Pukhpa.
OTHER:Have it. Got it. Yup.
Howard:I have Chorrr.
OTHER:Got it. Yup.
Howard:Nekhmakh.
OTHER:Yeah. Yeah.
Howard:And Kreplach.
Raj:Hold on a second. Kreplach?
Howard:Yeah.
Raj:That isn’t Klingon, it’s Yiddish for meat-filled dumpling.
Howard:Well, as it turns out, it’s also a Klingon word.
Leonard:Really? Define it.
Howard:Kreplach, A hearty Klingon… dumpling.
Raj:Judge’s ruling?
Sheldon:Bilurrrbe.
Penny :Hey, guys, I need to use your TV.
Sheldon:What’s wrong with your TV?
Penny:I don’t know, it just died, I’m getting a bunch of static.
Howard:Did you pay your cable bill?
Penny:You sound just like the cable company. All right, so, shh, Tyra Banks is about to kick someone off  America’s Next Top Model.
Sheldon:Excuse me, Penny, but we’re…
Leonard:No, no, don’t tell her.
Sheldon:…playing Klingon Boggle.
Leonard:Aw!
Howard:What do you mean, aw? Like she didn’t know we were nerds?
Sheldon:All right, if you must watch, then mute it with closed captions, please.
Penny:Fine.
Sheldon:All right, Boggle warriors, kapla’!
Howard:Look at those women.
Leonard:They’re gorgeous.
Sheldon:Oh! Worf, nice! Too bad that’s a proper noun.
Howard:Oh, look, the’s the future Mrs. Wolowitz. No, wait, that’s the future Mrs. Wolowitz. With her head in the lap of, what a coincidence. It’s the future Mrs. Wolowitz.
Leonard:Yeah, and they can all move in with you and your mother, the current Mrs. Wolowitz.
Sheldon:Is qochbe’ spelled with a ?
Howard:Why is that Mrs. Wolowitz crying?
Penny:Oh. That’s Anais, none of the other girls in the house like her.
Howard:House? What house?
Penny:They all live in a house together.
Howard:A house, where?
Penny:I don’t know. Somewhere in L.A.
Howard:Wait a minute, you’re telling me that I’m within driving distance of a house filled with aspiring supermodels?
Penny:Yeah, I guess.
Howard:And they live together and shower together and have naked pillow fights?
Leonard :Hey, wh-where are you going?
Penny:To pay my cable bill.
Sheldon:All right, pencils down! I have lokh, makh, and cherrrkh. Anybody got those?
Leonard:Did I miss anything? Did they kick Giselle off?
Raj:Not yet, but her underwater photo shoot was an embarrassment.
Howard:Sadly, Mrs. Giselle Wolowitz is sensitive to chlorine. Lucky for her I like my fashion models pruny and bug-eyed.
Leonard:Sheldon, the food’s here.
Raj:There’s the house, freeze frame, freeze frame.
Leonard:What are you doing?
Raj:Marking the star positions and physical landmarks so we can find the house of the supermodels.
Leonard:Why?
Howard:Isn’t it obvious? Every week, they kick out a beautiful girl, making her feel unwanted and without self-esteem, a.k.a. the future Mrs. Howard Wolowitz.
Sheldon:Is my hamburger medium well?
Leonard:Yes.
Sheldon:Dill slices, not sweet?
Leonard:Yes.
Sheldon:Individual relish packets?
Leonard:Yes.
Sheldon:Onion rings?
Leonard:Yes.
Sheldon:Extra breading?
Leonard:I asked.
Sheldon:What did they say?
Leonard:No.
Sheldon:Did you protest?
Leonard:Yes.
Sheldon:Vociferously?
Leonard:No.
Sheldon:Well, then what took you so long?
Leonard:Just eat.
Penny :Hey, guys, what’d I miss? What’d I miss?
Howard:Giselle’s hanging by a thread.
Penny:Oh, good, I hate her.
Howard:Then you’re not invited to our wedding.
Leonard:Here you go.
Penny:Thank you.
Sheldon:Oh, do we have to suffer through this transparently manipulative pseudo-reality again?
OTHER:Yes.
Sheldon:You and I have a standing TV schedule which is the result of extensive debate and compromise. Any alterations except for breaking news have to be pre-approved at the weekly roommate meeting.
Leonard:Put it on the agenda.
Sheldon:But you have to make a motion to put it on agenda.
Leonard:Oh, I’ll make a motion, but you’re not going to like it.
Sheldon:Fine. Mock Parliamentary procedure. At least put it on mute.
Penny:Oh, Giselle’s not getting kicked off. It’s totally going to be Summer.  What?
Leonard:Sheldon’s onion ring. Just put it back!
Penny:It’s one onion ring.
Howard:Just put it back before he comes!
Leonard:No, no, no,  no, I don’t think that’s where it was.
Howard:Okay, here he comes, deny, deny, people, wall of silence.
Sheldon:Who touched my…
OTHER:Penny! Penny did it.
Sheldon:Why would you do that?
Penny:I don’t know. I was hungry? What’s the big deal?
Sheldon:The big deal is that nobody touches food on my plate.
Penny:All right. Look, I didn’t know, I’m sorry.
Sheldon:Well, I’m sorry, but that is your second strike.
Penny:What?
Sheldon:You have two strikes. Three strikes and you’re out. It’s a sports metaphor.
Penny:A sports metaphor?
Sheldon:Yes, baseball.
Penny:All right, yeah, I’ll play along. What was my first strike?
Sheldon:March 18th. You violated my rule about forwarding email humour.
Penny:I did?
Sheldon:The photo of the cat who wants to “has cheezburger”?
Penny:Oh, come on, everybody loves LOLcats. They’re cute and they can’t spell ’cause they’re cats.
Sheldon:I trusted you with my email address, and you betrayed that trust by sending me Internet banality, strike one. Touching my food, strike two.
Leonard:Don’t worry. They only stay on your record for a year.
Howard:You can get them removed early, but you have to take his class.
Penny:Come on, I touched one onion ring.
Sheldon:And then you put it back, compromising the integrity of all the other onion rings.
Penny:Oh, honey, the buses don’t go where you live, do they?
Sheldon:Look, Penny, I wish I could be more lenient with you, but since you’ve become a permanent member of our social group I have to hold you to the same standards as everybody else.
Leonard:Congratulations. You’re officially one of us.
Howard:One of us, one of us.
Penny:Well, what a thrill.
Sheldon:You’re sitting in my spot.
Penny:Oh, jeez, you’ve got to be kidding me.
Sheldon:Leonard, she’s in my spot.
Leonard:Yeah, yeah. Uh, see, here’s the thing, after you leave, I still have to live with him.
Penny:I don’t care. I’m taking a stand. Metaphorically.
Sheldon:All right, that’s it. Strike three.
Penny:Ooh, strike three.
Penny:I’m banished? What the hell kind of crap is that?
Leonard:Listen, don’t worry. I’ll talk to him.
Penny:Yeah, you do that.
Leonard:Just so I know, would you be open to taking his class? You can do it online!
Howard:So based on our triangulation we’ve narrowed down the location of the top model house to three square miles in the Hollywood Hills.
Raj:Or possibly Durham, North Carolina.
Howard:When we find it, you want to go with us?
Leonard:To do what?
Raj:Party with the pretty girls, dude!
Leonard:Are you insane? You’re not going to party with them, you’re not even going to get anywhere near that place.
Howard:That’s what they said to Neil Armstrong about the moon.
Sheldon:No one said anything of the kind to Neil Armstrong, the entire nation dedicated a decade of effort and treasure to put a man on the moon.
Howard:Well, my fellow Americans, before this year is out we will put a Wolowitz on one of America’s top models.
Raj:And a large number of people will believe it never happened.
Penny :Okay, let me guess. A quesadilla with soy cheese for the lactose-intolerant Leonard.
Leonard:Thank you.
Penny:Shrimp Caesar salad with no almonds for the highly allergic kosher-only-on-the-high-holidays Howard, and for our suddenly back on the Hindu wagon Raj, meatlover’s pizza, no meat. Coming right up.
Sheldon:Wait. Excuse me. You forgot my barbecue bacon cheeseburger, barbecue sauce, bacon and cheese on the side.
Penny:Oh, I didn’t tell you? You’re banished from the Cheesecake Factory.
Sheldon:Why?
Penny:Well, you have three strikes. One, coming in. Two, sitting down. And three, I don’t like your attitude.
Sheldon:You can’t do that. Not only is it a violation of California state law, it flies directly in the face of Cheesecake Factory policy.
Penny:Yeah, no, there’s a new policy. No shoes, no shirt, no Sheldon.
Howard:I bet we could sell that sign all over Pasadena.
Leonard:Penny, can I talk to you for a minute? Hi.
Penny:Hi.
Leonard:Look, here’s the thing, um, I talked to Sheldon and he feels terrible and he agrees that he was unreasonable and out of line.
Penny:Really? Well, that’s great.
Leonard:Yeah, so just apologize to him, okay?
Penny:What? I’m not going to apologize to that nutcase.
Leonard:Oh, come on, it’s easy, he’ll even tell you what to say.
Penny:Leonard, don’t you get it? If you guys keep going along with his insanity, you’re just encouraging him.
Leonard:We’re not encouraging. It’s more like knuckling under.
Penny:Look, I like hanging out with you guys, but I’m not going to apologize for something I didn’t do.
Leonard:Well, actually, technically, you did do it.
Penny:That’s strike one, Leonard.
Penny:There you go, quesadilla, salad, there’s your pizza, and thanks to Sheldon’s heated discussion with my manager one barbecue bacon cheeseburger, barbecue sauce, bacon and cheese on the side.
Sheldon:Thank you.
Penny:Go ahead, eat it. I dare you
Howard:That’s it. There’s the house, I found America’s top models!
Raj:Are you sure?
Howard:Look, on the roof, Anais and Giselle are sunbathing. European-style.
Leonard:You can recognize people on Google Earth?
Howard:Of course not, I got a buddy of mine at NORAD to have a spy drone fly over.
Leonard:NORAD? You’re using military aircraft?
Howard:It was already targeted to poke around a nuclear reactor in Siberia, I took it an hour out of its way, tops.
Penny :Okay, where is he?
Leonard:Sheldon? I just dropped him off at the comic book store. Why?
Penny:Here. Try and go online.
Leonard:Problem with the WiFi?
Penny:No, just try.
Sheldon :Greetings, hamburger toucher. You are probably wondering why you cannot IM with your little friends about how much you heart various things. Well, this recorded message is alerting you that I am putting an end to your parasitic piggybacking upon our WiFi. If you want to remedy the situation you can contact the phone company, set up your own WiFi and pay for it, or you may apologize to me.
Penny:Well?
Leonard:I reiterate, knuckle under.
Penny:No, no, no, no, no. It is on. I am gonna introduce your friend to a world of hurt.
Leonard:Oh, Penny, you don’t want to get into it with Sheldon. The guy is one lab accident away from being a supervillain.
Penny:I don’t care, I was in junior rodeo, I can hogtie and castrate him in 60 seconds.
Howard:No need to neuter the nerd, I can get you back online.
Leonard:There, see? Problem solved.
Howard:Voila!
Sheldon :Hello, puny insects. As a consequence of your efforts to circumvent my will, everyone is awarded one additional strike.
Leonard:Thanks a lot, Howard.
Howard:What are you complaining about? I’m the one who has to take the class again.
Sheldon:Oh! Hello.
Penny:Time to do your laundry, huh?
Sheldon:It’s Saturday night. Saturday is laundry night.
Penny:I know. Every Saturday at 8
Sheldon:What are you implying?
Penny:I’m implying that you’re a creature of habit, and if something were to prevent you from doing your laundry on Saturday at 8
Penny:Oh, no, are all the machines taken? What are you gonna do?
Sheldon:No problem, I’ll just do my laundry another night.
Penny:Another night? Well, I guess you can try, but deep inside your heart you’ll know that laundry night is always Saturday night.
Sheldon:Woman, you are playing with forces beyond your ken.
Penny:Yeah, well, your ken can kiss my Barbie.
Sheldon:Yes?
Penny:Where are my clothes?
Sheldon:Your clothes?
Penny:Yes, I left them in the washers and when I went down to get them, they were gone.
Sheldon:Really? Despite the sign that says “Do not leave laundry unattended”?
Penny:Sheldon, where are my clothes?
Sheldon:You know, I do recall seeing some female undergarments. Where was that? Oh, yes, earlier this evening I happened to gaze out the window and a brassiere caught my eye. Do those look familiar?
Penny:How the hell did you get them up on that telephone wire?
Sheldon:When you understand the laws of physics, Penny, anything is possible. And may I add, mwah-ha-ha!
Penny:Get them down.
Sheldon:Apologize.
Penny:Never.
Sheldon:Well, then may I suggest you get a very long stick and play panty pinata.
Penny:Look, wait, Sheldon, this has gotten out of hand, okay? I’ve done some stupid things, you’ve done some stupid things, how about we just call it even and move on with our lives?
Sheldon:I’ve done no stupid things.
Penny:Look, you’ve got to meet me halfway here.
Sheldon:I am meeting you halfway, I’m willing to concede that you’ve done some stupid things.
Leonard:Hey, you guys are talking again. Good. What happened?
Penny:Leonard, remember when I said it was on? Well, now it’s junior rodeo on.
Leonard:Oh, not junior rodeo. What did you do?
Sheldon:I had no choice, Leonard, she ruined laundry night.
Leonard :A-a-a-aw!
Sheldon:Mwah-ha-ha.
Penny:Telephone wires can’t electrocute you, can they?
Leonard:No. Look, this has to stop.
Penny:Oh, no, no, no. It is just beginning.
Leonard:All right, I really didn’t want to do this, but… here.
Penny:What’s this?
Leonard:Sheldon’s Kryptonite.
Penny:Oh, my God.
Leonard:He can never know that I gave that to you.
Penny:Look, I said I wanted to hurt him, but, but this?
Leonard:It’ll shorten the war by five years and save millions of lives.
Raj:Oh, pause it. That’s it. Confirmed. We now have the address of the top model house.
Howard:God bless you, Google Street View registered trademark.
Leonard:Okay, for the record what you’re doing is really creepy.
Howard:You know what? If it’s creepy to use the Internet, military satellites, and robot aircraft to find a house full of gorgeous young models so that I can drop in on them unexpectedly, then fine, I’m creepy.
Leonard :Hello. Oh, hi. Yeah, hold on a second. I’ll get him. Sheldon, it’s for you.
Sheldon:Who is it?
Leonard:Your mother.
Sheldon:Oh, good. Hi, Mom. How are you? But, Mom, she keeps sitting in my spot. And, and she touched my food. Okay, yes, I took her clothes, but she started it. No, that’s not fair. Why should I have to apologize? Yeah, I really don’t think this is the kind of thing Jesus concerns himself with. No, you’re right, I don’t really know what Jesus thinks about. All right, good-bye. Did you tell on me?
Leonard:Are you kidding me? I already have two strikes.
Sheldon:I am very, very sorry for what I have done. Here’s your laundry, I rescind your strikes and you are no longer banished.
Penny:Can I sit wherever I want? No, no, never mind, never mind, that’s, that’s not important. Sheldon, this was big of you. Thank you. I really appreciate it.
Sheldon:Thank you.
Penny:Good night, Sheldon.
Sheldon:Penny.
Penny:Yes?
Sheldon:Well played.
Penny:Thank you.
Sheldon:Just remember
Penny:Understood.
OTHER:Can I help you
Howard:Yes, we here to fix the cable.
OTHER:I think we have satellite.
Howard:That’s what I meant.
OTHER:Oh. Okay, come on in.
Howard:She’s taller than all the women in my family combined.
Raj:What do we do now?
Howard:Follow Mrs. Wolowitz.
Sheldon:Oh look, Saturn 3 is on.
Raj:I don’t want to watch Saturn 3. Deep Space Nine is better.
Sheldon:How is Deep Space Nine better than Saturn 3?
Raj:Simple subtraction will tell you it’s six better.
Leonard:Compromise. Watch Babylon 5.
Sheldon:In what sense is that a compromise?
Leonard:Well, five is partway between three… Never mind.
Raj:I’ll tell you what, how about we go rock-paper-scissors?
Sheldon:Ooh, I don’t think so. No, anecdotal evidence suggests that in the game of rock-paper-scissors, players familiar with each other will tie 75 to 80% of the time due to the limited number of outcomes. I suggest rock-paper-scissors- lizard-Spock.
Raj:What?
Sheldon:It’s very simple. Look, scissors cuts paper. Paper covers rock. Rock crushes lizard. Lizard poisons Spock. Spock smashes scissors. Scissors decapitates lizard. Lizard eats paper. Paper disproves Spock. Spock vaporizes rock. And as it always has, rock crushes scissors.
Raj:Okay, I think I got it.
OTHER:Rock-paper-scissors- lizard-Spock!  Oh!
Howard :Hello, boys.
Leonard:Ahoy, matey.
Howard:Noticed the eye patch, did you? It’s all part of a technique I’ve been studying for picking up women. You employ a visual display designed to make yourself distinctive and memorable.
Sheldon:Oh yes, like the male peacock with brilliant plumage or the rutting baboon with engorged hindquarters.
Leonard:Or in this case, the bar mitzvah boy with pinkeye.
Howard:Mock me if you will, but it works. You show up at a club in something distinctive, scope out your target and toss out some negs.
Raj:What are negs?
Howard:A neg is a negative compliment that throws a pretty woman off her game, like “Normally, I’m not turned on by big teeth, but on you, they work.” I’ve got a whole list of ‘em. Who wants to be my wingman?
Leonard:You’re not gonna need wingman, you’re gonna need a paramedic.
Penny :Howard, your scooter’s blocking my car. Aw, did you get pinkeye again?
Howard:Step one, she notices the eye patch. May I say, Penny, not a lot of women could look as hot as you do with such greasy hair?
Penny:Yeah, just move your stupid scooter before I pick it up and throw it in the dumpster.
Howard:Ow.
Sheldon:I’m sorry, but I’m not going to watch the Clone Wars TV series until I’ve seen the Clone Wars movie. I prefer to let George Lucas disappoint me in the order he intended.
Leonard:Well, I want to watch it now.
Sheldon:Then I believe we’ve arrived at another quintessential rock-paper-scissors- lizard-Spock moment.
Leonard:Watch whatever you want.
Raj:I saw what you did there.
Sheldon:What did I do?
Leonard :Hello. Hey, Howard. What’s wrong? Okay. Okay, we’ll be right there.
Sheldon:What happened?
Leonard:Howard’s at the Mars Rover lab. He says he’s in trouble. Defcon 5.
Sheldon:Defcon 5? Well, there’s no need to rush.
Leonard:What?
Sheldon:Defcon 5 means no danger. Defcon 1 is a crisis.
Leonard:How can 5 not be worse than 1?
Raj:Yeah, Star Trek V, worse than I.
Sheldon:Okay, first of all, that’s a comparison of quality, not intensity. Secondly, Star Trek I is orders-of-magnitude worse than Star Trek V.
Raj:Are you joking? Star Trek V is the standard against which all badness is measured.
Sheldon:No, no, no. Star Trek V has specific failures in writing and direction, while Star Trek I fails across the board, art direction, costuming, music, sound editing.
Leonard:Can we just forget I said Defcon and go?
Raj:Star Trek V!
Sheldon:All right, will you at least stipulate that Star Trek IV
Raj:I have three words for you. Wrath of Khan.
Howard:Oh, thank God, you’re here.
Leonard:What’s the emergency?
Howard:I got the Mars Rover stuck in a ditch.
Sheldon:Where?
Howard:On a dusty highway just outside Bakersfield. Where do you think? On Mars!
OTHER:Howard, is everything okay?
Howard:Yeah, baby, I’ll be right in.
Sheldon:You brought a girl to the Mars Rover control room?
Howard:Yeah, I picked her up in the bar. She’s a doctor. One free barium enema and my mother won’t care she’s not Jewish.
Leonard:Wait a minute, so the eye patch and the insults worked?
Howard:No, there were three other guys with eye patches, iIt was a fiasco. What did work was, “How’d you like to visit a secret government facility?”
Sheldon:So what exactly do you want us to do?
Howard:I need you and Raj to help me get the Rover out of the ditch, and I need you to get Stephanie out before somebody notices she’s here. She doesn’t exactly have clearance.
Sheldon:Really? They don’t let strange women from honky-tonks come in and play with $200million government projects on distant planets?
Howard:Yes, I was bad. Maybe she’ll spank me. Can we please move on?
OTHER:Hey, Howard, you know, it’s getting late, so do I get to drive this thing or what?
Howard:Yeah. No. I’m sorry, but something’s come up. Kind of a Mars Rover, Mars Rover, can Howard come over, situation. So my friend Leonard is gonna take you home.
OTHER:Oh, okay. Let’s go, friend Leonard.
Leonard:Okay.
Howard:I’ll call ya.
OTHER:Yeah. So are you a scientist like Howard?
Leonard:No one’s a scientist like Howard.
Howard:My mother is so gonna love her.
Sheldon:Oh, how nice. Maybe they can carpool when they visit you in federal prison.
OTHER:I’m sorry. I totally interrupted you. What, what, what were you saying?
Leonard:Just said Howard’s a terrific guy. He’s got a great sense of humour, he loves his mother, a lot, some people say too much.
OTHER:I really like that you’re such a loyal friend.
Leonard:Yeah, I am loyal. You know, if you look at the big picture. Just, out of curiosity, did he ever have a shot with you?
OTHER:Are you insane? The guy was wearing an eye patch.
Leonard:Then why did you?
OTHER:He said that I could drive a car on Mars.
Leonard:Got it. So, can I see you again?
OTHER:You’re not gonna see me now.
Leonard:Ooh. Cool.
Howard:Anything?
Raj:Actually, I was just checking my e-mail. But, uh, no, the Rover is not responding.
Sheldon:I believe the appropriate metaphor here involves a river of excrement and a Native American water vessel without any means of propulsion.
Howard:Hang on, there’s got to be other options.
Raj:You could try calling Triple-A, but based on NASA’s latest timetable, they won’t get there for 35 years.
Sheldon:Plus I understand you have to be standing next to the vehicle with your card when they arrive.
Raj:Oh, snap.
Sheldon:Snap what?
Howard:OK, I guess we have to turn to Plan B.
Raj:What’s Plan B?
Howard:Erase all the hard drives, scrap the surveillance tapes, wipe our fingerprints off every surface and run.
Sheldon:Why wasn’t that Plan A?
OTHER:REPORTER
Howard:Thank God for Plan B.
Penny:Howard, didn’t you say you worked on the Mars Rover?
Howard:No, you’re mistaken.
Penny:Yeah, when we first met, you said that if I went out with you, I could drive a car on Mars.
Howard:I don’t know what you’re talking about.
Leonard:Psst! Psst!
Sheldon:Will you all excuse me? Leonard is subtly signalling that he’d like to talk to me in private.
Penny:No. Yeah, I remember specifically. You started by asking if I was from Mars because my ass was out of this world.
Howard:Well, that does sound like me, but no.
Sheldon:Is there some problem?
Leonard:Yeah. Listen, I have to kinda sneak out for a while.
Sheldon:All right, goodbye.
Leonard:No, wait! If anyone asks you where I went, you don’t know.
Sheldon:Where are you going?
Leonard:I can’t tell you that.
Sheldon:Who would ask me?
Leonard:I can’t tell you that, either.
Sheldon:So you brought me in here to inform me that you can’t tell me where you’re going and you can’t tell me who might ask?
Leonard:Yeah, I really didn’t think this through.
Sheldon:Leonard, a moment.
Leonard:What?
Sheldon:If someone, and of course, we don’t know who this would be, does ask where you’ve gone, what should I say?
Leonard:I don’t know. Just tell them I went to the office.
Sheldon:Are you going to the office?
Leonard:No.
Sheldon:Then how can I say it convincingly?
Leonard:Just say, Leonard went to the office.
Sheldon:All right. Leonard went to  the office.
Leonard:What is? No, not like that! Just, Leonard went to the office.
Sheldon:This would have worked out a lot better if you’d just told me you were going the office.
Leonard:I’m going to the office.
Sheldon:See? Why don’t I believe you?
Leonard:I’m going out for a while.
Howard:Okay.
Sheldon:Doesn’t anyone want to know where he’s going?
Penny:Okay, where is he going?
Sheldon:Leonard is going to  the office.
Leonard:So how was work today?
OTHER:Busy. I removed an appendix, a gall bladder and about a foot and a half of bowel.
Leonard:I’m hoping that’s three different guys.
OTHER:No, just the one. He didn’t make it. So, how was your day?
Leonard:Oh, you know, I’m a physicist, so, I thought about stuff.
OTHER:That’s it?
Leonard:Well, I wrote some of it down.
OTHER:Are you done eating?
Leonard:Uh, yeah.
OTHER:Oh, good.
Leonard:If I knew you were waiting, I would’ve swallowed that lasagna whole.
OTHER:You’ve reached Dr. Stephanie Barnett. Leave a message. Beep.
Howard :Hey, Steph, it’s me again, Howard. Listen, if you’re free Friday, maybe we could have a little something to eat at my place. My mom cooks a hell of a brisket. Let me know. It’s Howard.
Leonard:I’ve had her brisket. Melts in your mouth.
OTHER:Maybe we should think about going to the bedroom.
Leonard:That’s a good idea. There’s a bed in there, and I’m very, very, very pro-bed.
OTHER:You’ve reached Dr. Stephanie Barnett. Leave a message. Beep.
Howard :Hey, it’s me again. Just want to let you know the head count for dinner Friday has gone up. My Aunt Betty and Uncle Elliot are coming in from Palm Springs. Oh, and if anybody should ask, you’re half-Jewish on your mother’s side. Okay, call me. It’s Howard.
Leonard:Don’t you think we should tell him you’re not interested?
OTHER:Do you want me to stop and call him back right now?
Leonard:Dear God, no!
OTHER:Oh, Leonard…
OTHER:You’ve reached Dr. Stephanie Barnett. Leave a message. Beep.
Howard :Hey, it’s me again. Howard. Listen, my cousins from Fort Lauderdale are flying in to meet you so that means we’re gonna have to move the dinner to a restaurant.
OTHER:Tell her we’re going to the Olive Garden! I have a coupon from the paper.
Howard :We’re not going to the Olive Garden, Mom!
OTHER:Oh, Mr. Bigshot with his Red Lobster.
Howard :I’ll call you back when we firm up the details. It’s Howard.
Penny:Oh, hey.
Leonard:Hey.
Penny:New shirts?
Leonard:Yeah, a couple.
Penny:Nice.
Leonard:Thank you.
Penny:So, who’s the girl?
Leonard:I’m sorry?
Penny:Well, last time you bought a new shirt was when we were dating.
Leonard:So, uh, what we did was in fact dating?
Penny:Well, yeah, we did have a date.
Leonard:Exactly. Thank you. Do me a favour, tell Koothrappali that next time you see him.
Penny:So, who is she?
Leonard:Oh, she’s a doctor.
Penny:Oh, nice. A doctor doctor, or a you kind of doctor?
Leonard:Doctor doctor. Surgical resident. Smart, pretty. Let me ask you something. If your friend thinks he’s dating someone, but he’s not because, in fact, you’re dating her, does that make you a bad person?
Penny:Well, that depends.
Leonard:On what?
Penny:Is that friend Wolowitz?
Leonard:Yeah.
Penny:Screw him. You’re fine.
Leonard:Are you sure?
Penny:Well, have you slept with her yet? You dog! Good for you.
Leonard:Does that change things?
Penny:No.
Leonard:So why’d you ask?
Penny:I’m nosy. See ya.
OTHER:Howard, get the door!
OTHER:Who is it?!
Howard:It’s Leonard!
OTHER:You’re gonna have to play outside! I’m not dressed to receive!
Howard:No one cares, Ma! So, what’s up?
Leonard:Listen, I need to talk to you about something.
Raj:Okay, who gets the extra dumpling?
OTHER:Rock-paper-scissors- lizard-Spock.
Sheldon:Okay, one of us is going to have to stop putting up Spock.
Howard:How do we decide that?
OTHER:Rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock. Oh!
Leonard:Oh, hey, guys.
Sheldon:Hello.
Raj:Hey.
Leonard:Hi, Howard. Howard?
Howard:Sheldon.
Sheldon:Howard is employing a schoolyard paradigm in which you are, for all intents and purposes, deceased. He intends to act on this by not speaking to you, feigning an inability to hear you when you speak and otherwise refusing to acknowledge your existence.
Leonard:That’s just ridiculous. Why are you cooperating with him?
Sheldon:I don’t make the rules, Leonard.
Leonard:Howard, come on, I didn’t plan on this. These things just happen. Usually not to me, but they do happen.
Howard:Did someone just feel a cold breeze?
Sheldon:I believe this is an extension of the death metaphor. The cold breeze is the so-called ectoplasmic issue of a disembodied soul passing by.
Raj:You know, screw it, I’m just gonna eat the dumpling.
Leonard :Oh, hi, Steph, come on in.
OTHER:Is this a bad time?
Leonard:Yeah, but I don’t see a better one on the horizon, so…
Howard:Oh, if it isn’t Mrs. Dead to Me.
OTHER:Hello, Howard.
Howard:Sheldon?
Sheldon:Look I’m sorry, you violated the terms of your metaphor by acknowledging her existence. I’m out.
Leonard:He just won’t listen to me.
OTHER:Okay, I guess it’ll just be the three of us then.
Leonard:Hmm. Lisa’s gonna be disappointed.
OTHER:Yeah.
Howard:Lisa?
OTHER:Yeah, my roommate. She just went through a really bad breakup and I thought she might like to meet somebody fun like you.
Howard:Leonard, Stephanie, you’re alive, it’s a miracle!
Howard:So, anyway, Lisa, I just wanted to tell you again how much I enjoyed the other night, and again, I’m sorry for how it ended. But again, if you could let me know about Friday. My mother needs a head count so she can know how big a brisket to get.
Leonard:Howard, Howard, look at this.
Howard:Anyway, call me. It’s Howard.
OTHER:The possibility of life on Mars has long fascinated scientists and laypersons alike. It’s unclear how the Mars Rover got into the crevice, but one thing’s certain, the data which it has sent back contain the first clear indications that there may have been life on Mars. It’s a scientific discovery that has staggering implications for all mankind. Unfortunately, we’ll never know who’s responsible.
Howard:Son of a bitch.
Sheldon:Penny, hello.
Penny:Hey, Sheldon.
Sheldon:What is shaking?
Penny:I’m sorry?
Sheldon:It’s colloquial, a conversation opener. So, do you find the weather satisfying? Are you currently sharing in the triumph of some local sports team?
Penny:What’s wrong with you? you’re freaking me out.
Sheldon:I’m striking up a casual conversation with you. S’u’up?
Penny:Please don’t do that.
Sheldon:All right, But I’m given to understand that when you have something awkward to discuss with someone, it’s more palatable to preface it with banal chit chat.
Penny:So, this wasn’t the awkward part?
Sheldon:No.
Penny:Oh, all right. S’u’up?
Sheldon:Oh, good, I used that right. Anyway, you’re aware that Leonard has entered into a new romantic relationship which includes a sexual component?
Penny:Okay, feeling the awkward now.
Sheldon:Her name is Dr. Stephanie Barnett and she is a highly distinguished surgical resident at Freemont Memorial.
Penny:Yeah, Leonard told me.
Sheldon:Good. What he may have left out is how important this relationship is to me.
Penny:To you?
Sheldon:Yes, see, of the handful of women Leonard’s been involved with, she’s the only one I have ever found tolerable.
Penny:Well, what about me?
Sheldon:The statement stands for itself.
Penny:Well, aren’t you sweet?
Sheldon:Anyway, should you have any interaction with her, it would be most helpful that she not see you as a sexual rival.
Penny:Yeah, I think she’s pretty safe.
Sheldon:You say that now, but consider the following scenario, you’re sitting in your apartment, it’s late, you’re alone, your hypothalamus is swimming in a soup of estrogen and progesterone and suddenly even Leonard seems like a viable sexual candidate, or a, uh, hookup as it’s referred to by today’s urban youth.
Penny:Really?
Sheldon:Yes. Now, should that happen, I would ask you to find some way to suppress your libido.
Penny:I could think about you.
Sheldon:Fine, whatever works.
Penny:Always nice talking to you, Sheldon.
Sheldon:Uh, peace out!
Sheldon:Well, this is very pleasant.
Leonard:I’m glad you’re enjoying yourself.
Sheldon:And you said there’d never be enough pasta for the three of us.
Leonard:I stand corrected.
Sheldon:You know, Italian housewives have a rule of thumb. A handful of dry pasta about an inch in diameter is sufficient for each person as it doubles in volume when cooked.
OTHER:That’s very interesting.
Sheldon:Thank you.
Leonard:She doesn’t mean it. She’s just being nice.
Sheldon:Well, Stephanie, since Leonard seems to be dropping the conversational ball, I guess I’ll just have to pick it up. Have you ever witnessed a violent crime?
OTHER:No.
Sheldon:Good. What’s your favourite fruit?
OTHER:Ih-uh, strawberries.
Sheldon:Hmm, technically not a fruit, but all right. Where did you do your medical internship?
OTHER:Uh, Lawrence Memorial in Galveston, Texas.
Sheldon:Really? That’s where I was born!
OTHER:You’re kidding!
Sheldon:I spent so much of my childhood at that hospital. When I was 12, I got to ride there in a helicopter.
OTHER:Why, what-what-what happened?
Sheldon:Radiation burns. A little mishap while I was building my own cat scanner.
OTHER:I’m sorry, you tried to build your own cat scanner?
Sheldon:No, I didn’t try, I succeeded. In fact, I was briefly able to see the inside of my sister’s guinea pig, Snowball, before he caught fire. It led to an interesting expression in our house, not a snowball’s chance in a cat scanner.
Leonard:Uh, Sheldon?
Sheldon:Excuse me. When I come back, just for fun, the subject will be alternative history. Specifically, how would the civil war have gone differently if Lincoln had been a robot sent from the future?  Look at that, there’s even pasta left over.
Leonard:Do you understand that this was supposed to be a date?
Sheldon:I do. Do you? Because frankly, you’ve been in a foul mood since I sat down.
Leonard:Okay, here’s my question, why did you sit down?
Sheldon:To help. Look, if you fail at this relationship, and history suggests you will, then we risk losing the medical officer that our landing party has always needed.
Leonard:What landing party?
Sheldon:You’re Kirk, I’m Spock, Wolowitz is Scotty, Koothrappali is the guy who always gets killed, and now we’ve got McCoy.
OTHER:So, we’re all standing around looking at the post-op x ray and there it is, clear as day, right in the guy’s chest cavity, one of my earrings.
Leonard:Oh, my god, what did you do?
OTHER:What do you think I did? I discreetly slipped off the other earring, put it in my pocket and then got the hell out of there!
Sheldon :I have a bone to pick with you, sir.
Leonard:Oo-oo-oh!
OTHER:Hi, Sheldon.
Sheldon:Hi, Stephanie. I’m sorry I’m late, but your companion left the most indecipherable invitation.
Leonard:What invitation?
Sheldon:We’re going to the movies. What movie? What theatre? What time? If you were trying to make it impossible to locate you, you couldn’t have done a better job.
Leonard:Oh, clearly I could have.
Sheldon:It took me nearly 20 minutes to go through the browser history on your computer to see what movie times you looked up. Wait here, I’ll find us seats.
OTHER:No, no, we have seats.
Leonard:Not the right seats.
OTHER:What is he doing?
Leonard:He’s finding the acoustic sweet spot.
OTHER:Does he always do this?
Leonard:Sometimes he brings a toy xylophone. I am really sorry about this.
OTHER:No, it’s fine. you know, he’s sweet.
Sheldon:My apologies, you’ve been sitting in it all along. Leonard, you want to slide over one?
Leonard:No, just sit here.
Sheldon:Oh, yeah, this is it.
Leonard:What, Sheldon? What, Sheldon? What, Sheldon?
Sheldon :Tell me what you see here.
Leonard:The blunt instrument that will be the focus of my murder trial?
Sheldon:This is Stephanie’s facebook page. Now, where it should say in a relationship, what does it say?
Leonard:Stephanie Barnett is single.
Sheldon:Yeah, furthermore, earlier this evening, she threw a digital sheep at some guy named Mike. Who’s Mike? Why does he get a digital sheep and not you?
Leonard:It’s just her facebook page and we’ve only been going out a couple of weeks.
Sheldon:You don’t see it, do you? We’re losing her.
Leonard:Okay, I’m going to make this very simple for you. You are not in this relationship, I am. Ergo, you have no say in anything that happens between me and Stephanie.
Sheldon:I’m afraid I can’t allow that. Pursuant to Starfleet General Order 104 Section A, you are deemed unfit and I hereby relieve you of your command.
Leonard:General Order 104, Section A does not apply in this situation.
Sheldon:Give me one good reason why not.
Leonard:Because this is not Star Trek
Penny:What?
Sheldon:This is banana bread.
Penny:This is a door knob.
Sheldon:It’s my understanding that an unsolicited gift of food can be a precursor to an impromptu invitation to come in and chat.
Penny:Sheldon, would you like to come in?
Sheldon:I suppose I could spare a few minutes. Were you robbed?
Penny:No.
Sheldon:How can you be sure?
Penny:Sheldon, what do you want?
Sheldon:I’m certain this will come as no surprise to you, but Leonard is failing in yet another relationship.
Penny:He’s having problems with Stephanie?
Sheldon:She’s sending virtual livestock to random men on the internet. If I have any hope of keeping them together, I need data. Specifically, I need to know exactly what Leonard did that caused you to pop an emotional cap in his buttocks.
Penny:What?
Sheldon:Again, urban slang. In which, I believe I’m gaining remarkable fluency. So, what is the down and the low? And don’t worry, this is all entirely confidential, so, you feel free to include any and all shortcomings in the bedroom.
Penny:We never got to the bedroom.
Sheldon:Because?
Penny:Oh, okay, all right, you know what? I’ll tell you what happened. We were young, we were very much in love, but we could only communicate through a time-traveling mailbox at my lake house.
Sheldon:It’s not enough that you made me watch that movie, but now you mock me with it?
Sheldon:Gentlemen, I have a question about dating and relationships.
Raj:You told me you were going to have the talk with him.
Howard:I’ve been waiting for someone to have the talk with me.
Sheldon:More to the point, it’s about finding a way to keep Leonard and Stephanie together.
Howard:Oh, I don’t think you can.
Sheldon:Well, why not?
Howard:Look at Leonard’s record. 27 days with Joyce Kim.
Raj:During which she defected to North Korea.
Howard:Two booty calls with Leslie Winkle.
Raj:For which she awarded him the nickname “speed of light Leonard.”
Howard:And a three hour dinner with Penny.
Raj:Which would have been two and a half if they ordered the souffle when they sat down.
Howard:Based on the geometric progression, his relationship with Stephanie should have ended after 20 minutes.
Sheldon:Yes, I’m aware of the math, Y equals 27 days over 12 to the nth, the issue remains, how do we circumvent his inevitable rejection?
Raj:Well, if you want to guarantee his appeal to Stephanie, your best bet would be to kill all the other men on the planet.
Howard:I’ll tell you what you shouldn’t do. Don’t spritz him with that body spray from the commercial where the women undress when they smell it, that doesn’t work at all, no matter how much you put on.
Sheldon:So, that’s all you’ve got? Apocalyptic genocide and go easy on the cologne?
Howard:Yes.
Raj:Yeah.
Penny:What?
Sheldon  :Penny. Zucchini bread.
Penny:Oh, thank you.
Sheldon:May I come in?
Penny:No.
Sheldon:I see. Apparently my earlier inquiry regarding you and Leonard crossed some sort of line. I apologize.
Penny:Well, thank you.
Sheldon:So, have you and I returned to a social equilibrium?
Penny:Yes.
Sheldon:Great. New topic. Where are you in your menstrual cycle?
Penny:What?
Sheldon:I’ve been doing some research online, and apparently female primates, you know, uh, apes, chimpanzees, you, they find their mate more desirable when he’s being courted by another female. Now, this effect is intensified when the rival female is secreting the pheromones associated with ovulation. Which brings me back to my question, where are you in . Clearly, I’m 14 days too early.
Leonard:All I’m saying is if they can cure yellow fever and malaria, why can’t they do something about lactose intolerance?
OTHER:Leonard, you’re going to have to let this go. You had a little cheese dip, you farted, I thought it was cute.
Sheldon:Oh, hi Stephanie.
OTHER:Hi.
Leonard:Want some more wine?
OTHER:Yeah, I assume I’m not driving anywhere tonight. .
Leonard:What are you doing?
Sheldon:I have a craving for white asparagus that apparently is destined to go unsatisfied.
Leonard:Excuse me. What the hell is wrong with you?
Sheldon:I’m helping you with Stephanie.
Leonard:By making constipated moose sounds?
Sheldon:When I fail to open this jar and you succeed it will establish you as the alpha male. You see, when a female witnesses an exhibition of physical domination she produces the hormone oxytocin. If the two of you then engage in intercourse this will create the biochemical reaction in the brain which lay people naively interpret as falling in love.
Leonard:Huh? Would it work if I just punched you in the face?
Sheldon:Yes, actually it would, but let’s see how the lid goes. I’m not strong enough, Leonard, you’ll have to do it.
Leonard:Oh, for god’s sakes.
Sheldon:Go ahead, it’s pre-loosened.
OTHER:Do you want some help with that?
Leonard:No, no, no, I got it.
Sheldon:No, yeah, yeah, he’s got it, and that’s not surprising. This is something I long ago came to peace with in my role as the beta male. Open it.
OTHER:Oh my god, are you okay?
Leonard:No, I’m not. I’m bleeding.
Sheldon:Like a gladiator!
OTHER:Oh, honey, you’re going to need stitches.
Leonard:Stitches? With a needle?
OTHER:Well, yeah, I mean, just a few.
Leonard:Oh, okay, yeah, hang on a sec.
Sheldon:FYI, I was defrosting a steak in there.
Sheldon:What a beautiful job Stephanie did. I might have gone with a mattress suture instead of a blanket stitch, but you can’t argue with her results. It’s a shame it won’t scar, the war wound is a time-honoured badge of masculinity.
Leonard:I can’t remember a time when you weren’t talking.
Sheldon:Just for the record, my efforts to establish you as the alpha male were not aided by you bursting into tears.
Leonard:I did not burst into tears, my eyes just got a little watery.
Sheldon:Watery?
Leonard:She stuck a needle into my hand!
OTHER:Hey, how’s my big cry baby?
Leonard:I didn’t cry.
OTHER:Okay, I’m just teasing you. But, yeah, you did. Alright, it’s all good. what do you say we get you home and put you to bed?
Leonard:Oh, are you still going to spend the night?
OTHER:Uh, no, I think that you probably need to rest.
Sheldon:She’s right, as long as you’re vomiting, coitus is contra-indicated.
Leonard:Thank you, Dr. Cooper.
Sheldon:You’re welcome, Dr. Hofstadter.
OTHER:Okay, I’m going to go get your discharge papers.
Leonard :What?
Sheldon:Well, you seem like a perfectly pleasant person. I just can’t understand why women have such a hard time loving you.
Leonard:Hey, can you open this for me?
Raj:Can I see your stitches?
Leonard:Sure. .
Raj:Answering the question once and for all why Wolowitz bailed out of medical school.
Penny :Leonard, congratulations.
Leonard:What for?
Penny:Your facebook status update. Leonard Hofstadter is in a relationship.
Leonard:What? no. no, that’s not right.
Howard:Oh, man, did you switch your status before she did? Speaking as an expert, way to look needy.
Penny:Seriously? You went first, after only two weeks? That’s bold.
Leonard:It’s not bold, it’s a mistake. I didn’t change my status.
Penny:Well, then who did?
Sheldon:I had no choice, he cried in front of her.
Leonard:You hacked my facebook account?
Sheldon:Oh, it’s hardly hacking when you use the same password for everything, Kal-el.
Leonard:Are you insane? Now she’s going to think I’m desperate. You’ve destroyed this relationship! And you want to know what the worst part is? You don’t even understand what you did wrong because you can’t conceive of something that you are not an expert in!
Sheldon:In which I am not an expert.
Leonard:Don’t even! I don’t want to hear another word out of you.
Howard:Stephanie Barnett is in a relationship with Leonard Hofstadter.”
Leonard:Really? Oh, look at that, I have a girlfriend.
Sheldon:If I am permitted to speak again, Dr. Sheldon Cooper for the win.
OTHER:I don’t see anything at all, Sheldon.
Sheldon:Well, you’re the doctor, but I am constantly hearing this annoying sound.
Leonard:Me, too.
Sheldon:Is it a high-frequency whistle?
Leonard:No, it’s more of a relentless, narcissistic drone.
OTHER:Yup, there’s no inflammation at all, Sheldon.
Sheldon:Then it must be a tumour.
OTHER:I Seriously doubt it.
Leonard:Maybe it’s a lingering bacterial infection from all those childhood toilet swirlies.
Sheldon:Is that possible? I used to get those all the time. Even in church.
OTHER:Well, you know, if it is from a swirly, there’s something I can do. Okay, circle, circle, dot, dot, now you have a cootie shot! I’m going to bed
Leonard:Okay, I’ll be right in.
Sheldon:It’s not enough that she mocks me, but that isn’t even the correct procedure for a cootie shot.
Leonard:Do you understand that Stephanie’s not here to treat your imaginary ailments?
Sheldon:How is it imaginary that I keep hearing an octave above Middle C? Is that imaginary? I don’t think so.
Leonard:Good night.
Sheldon:Leonard, there’s one more thing. Under Article One, Section Three of our Roommate Agreement, I’m calling an emergency meeting.
Leonard:No, you’re not.
Sheldon:Leonard moves the meeting not occur. Is there a second? None heard, the motion fails. I’d like to begin the meeting by congratulating you on the progress in your relationship with Dr. Stephanie.
Leonard:Thank you.
Sheldon:That being said, we have to discuss the implementation of the agreed upon “cohabitation” rider which has been activated now that the two of you are living together.
Leonard:We’re not living together.
Sheldon:I beg to disagree. “A girlfriend shall be deemed quote living with un-quote Leonard when she has stayed over for A, ten consecutive nights or B, more than nine nights in three week period or C
Leonard:That’s absurd.
Sheldon:You initialed it. See? L.H., L.H., L.H.
Leonard:Wait, I only initialed it because I never thought it would happen! I initialed another clause naming you my sidekick in case I get superpowers.
Sheldon:Hmm, yes, you did. Now, to review the following provisions are hereby activated. In the refrigerator, as opposed to us having two separate shelves and one communal shelf, the three of us now get individual shelves and the door becomes communal. Next, apartment vacuuming shall be increased from two to three times a week to accommodate the increased accumulation of dead skin cells. Third,the bathroom schedule. Now, I’m given to understand women have different needs, so, we’ll have to discuss that.
Leonard:I’m going to bed.
Sheldon:At least take this with you. Look, and have Stephanie initial here, here, here, here and here. This states that she does not now nor does she intend to play a percussive or brass instrument. Sure it sounds like a tumor pressing on the auditory nerve.
Leonard:No, absolutely not.
Sheldon:It’s not a big deal. We have latex gloves.
Leonard:I don’t care what the symptoms are, my girlfriend is not going to give you a prostate exam.
OTHER:Hi, Sheldon.
Sheldon:Good morning, Dr. Stephanie. I trust Leonard satisfied you sexually last night.
Leonard:Oh come on! Sheldon, we don’t ask questions like that.
Sheldon:I heard you ask it over and over. How is it inappropriate for me to ask it once?
OTHER:He did very nicely.
Sheldon:See? She’s not offended. And now you finally have an answer.
Penny :Out of coffee. Need coffee.
OTHER:Uh, hello.
Penny:Hi! Stephanie, right?
OTHER:Uh-huh. And, and, and you are?
Penny:I’m Penny, I live across the hall. I’ve heard a lot about you.
OTHER:Really?
Penny:Mm-hmm.
OTHER:I haven’t heard a thing about you. Leonard? Why haven’t I heard a thing about this woman who lives across the hall and comes into your apartment in the morning in her underwear?
Leonard:She’s heard about you because we’re, you know, involved and you haven’t heard about her because… I never slept with her, I swear!
Sheldon:In Leonard’s defence, it wasn’t for lack of trying.
Leonard:Thank you, Sheldon.
Sheldon:You’re welcome, Leonard.
Leonard:Look, I’m just saying, um, Penny is one of our many neighbours, you know, and in our building, neighbours come and go, it’s very casual, no dress code. In fact, some mornings I’ll just mosey down to the third floor in my pyjamas and have cereal with Mrs. Vartabedian.
Sheldon:Really? I have never once been invited to have cereal with Mrs. Vartabedian.
Leonard:She doesn’t like you. Um, well, uh, you have a gall bladder to remove and I have to get in the shower and Penny has clothes to put on, so…
OTHER:Well, it was very nice meeting you.
Penny:Nice to finally meet you, too.
OTHER:And I’ll see you tonight?
Leonard:Okay, bye-bye.
OTHER:Bye.
Sheldon:What could I possibly have done to offend Mrs. Vartabedian?
Penny:So, that’s Stephanie, huh?
Leonard:Why do I feel like I’m the one that just got the prostate exam?
Penny:You know, she seems very nice.
Sheldon:Oh, she is. She’s terrific, and she’s proving to be a valuable roommate.
Penny:Roommate? You guys are living together?
Sheldon:Like hippies.
Leonard:We’re not living together.
Sheldon:Do I have to pull out the paperwork again?
Leonard:We’re not living together.
Penny:Are you sure?
Leonard:How could I not be sure?
Penny:Well, let’s find out.
Leonard:Don’t you think if a woman was living with me I’d be the first one to know about it?
Penny:Oh, sweetie, you’d be the last one to know about it.  Hmm, cute dresses. I bet this looks great on you!
Leonard:We’re not living together.
Penny:Okay, hmm, scented candles, fuzzy slippers, ooh, floral bed sheets?
Leonard:We’re not living together.
Penny:Okay, moving on. Now, who are these guys at Disney World?
Leonard:Uh, the big dog is Goofy, and the older couple with the mouse ears , I have no idea. We’re not living together!
Penny:You’re going to go down swinging, huh? All right, well, we got your body lotion, your InStyle Magazine, your jewellery box.
Leonard:We’re not… Where’s my Bat Signal?
Penny:You have a Bat Signal?
Leonard:I did. It was right here. She must’ve… Oh, my God, we’re living together.
Penny:Really? What was your first clue?
Howard:New pants?
Leonard:Yeah, Stephanie got them for me.
Howard:Nice. Cotton?
Leonard:Actually, I think it’s more of wool, fire ant blend.
Howard:So, the girlfriend’s buying clothes for you, huh? Sounds serious.
Leonard:It is actually. In fact, I gave it a lot of thought and I decided it was time for us to live together.
Howard:Uh, Leonard, huge mistake. There’s a whole buffet of women out there and you’re just standing in the corner eating the same devilled egg over and over again.
Leonard:At least I have an egg. What do you have?
Howard:A veritable smorgasbord of potential sexual partners. See the blonde over there? I can hit on her and you can’t.
Leonard:So, go hit on her.
Howard:She’s not my type.
Raj:Too bad, ’cause she was checking you out before.
Howard:She was?
Raj:Of course not. Look at her.
Leonard:I don’t care what you guys think, Stephanie and I are very happy living together. I will give either of you 20 dollars, right now to trade pants with me.
OTHER:Sheldon, what are you doing here?
Sheldon:Hang on. 130 over 80. A little high. We can attribute that to the stress of sneaking past the security desk.
OTHER:Where did you get the stethoscope and the blood pressure cuff?
Sheldon:My aunt Marion gave them to me for my 12th birthday. She thought if I failed at theoretical physics that I should have a trade to fall back on. And by the way, the blood pressure cuff is called a sphygmomanometer.
OTHER:Thank you.
Sheldon:Didn’t they teach you that in medical school?
OTHER:I’m kinda busy here, Sheldon.
Sheldon:I understand. All I need is for you to authorize these tests.
OTHER:A cardiac stress test, a full body MRI, an electromyogram, a CBC, baseline glucose, upper GI?
Sheldon:Oh, and an exploratory laparoscopy. Last time I had hiccups, it felt like my diaphragm was just going through the motions.
OTHER:Go home, Sheldon.
Sheldon:Can I at least have the upper GI? I already drank the barium!
Penny:Oh hey.
Leonard:Oh, good. Do you have any fabric softener?
Penny:Yeah, sure. What are you washing? A crocodile?
Leonard:No, the pants that Stephanie got me.
Penny:Oh, sweetie, you can’t machine wash these. They’ll be ruined.
Leonard:Are you sure?
Penny:Absolutely.
Leonard:Oh, no. I wish you’d told me that sooner.
Penny:Are you guys having problems?
Leonard:No, everything’s fine.
Penny:Really?
Leonard:Yeah. It’s wonderful. Okay, maybe this whole living together happened kind of suddenly, but it’s fine, it’s great.
Penny:Okay, Leonard, honey, you know, if you’re uncomfortable with the way things are going, you’re allowed to say something.
Leonard:Are you sure? That doesn’t sound right.
Penny:Believe me, your feelings are just as important as hers.
Leonard:No that doesn’t sound right either.
Penny:Just tell her you need the relationship to move at a pace that you both are comfortable with.
Leonard:Yeah, I could say something like that to her. I’ll go do that. Thank you.
Penny:Sure.
Leonard:You have a really good grasp on this. Maybe you could talk to her?
Penny:You’re kidding, right?
Leonard:No, but that’s okay. I’ll go talk to her. Want to come with?
Penny:Go! Wow.
OTHER:Oh, no.
Sheldon:Wha??
OTHER:You were right. Your larynx is terribly inflamed. I mean, I’ve never seen anything like it.
Sheldon:I knew it! What do I do?
OTHER:You’re going to need to stop talking immediately.
Sheldon:For how…
OTHER:Du-du-du-du! Immediately.
Leonard:Hey.
OTHER:Oh, hi, honey.
Leonard:Sheldon.  What’s going on?
OTHER:I just performed a Sheldonectomy.
Leonard:Careful, if you don’t get it all, it’ll only come back worse.
OTHER:Gotcha.
Leonard:Listen, we need to talk.
OTHER:Oh-oh. Do we need to talk or do we “need to talk”?
Leonard:I don’t know what that means.
OTHER:Okay, why don’t you just tell me what it is you have to tell me?
Leonard:Okay, um, well, look, it’s just that things between you and me have been going pretty quick.
OTHER:And?
Leonard:It’s just a little scary.
OTHER:Well, yeah, but scary good, right?
Leonard:Sure, when is scary not good? But, okay, um, I have feelings, right?
OTHER:Uh-huh.
Leonard:Okay, and it’s perfectly okay to express those feelings, right?
OTHER:Of course honey why don’t you tell me what it is you’re feeling?
Leonard:Okay, well, I ju… I think it’s important to remember that we move at a pace that is our speed and… oh, shoot, I had it!
OTHER:Okay, how about this? How about I tell you what I’m feeling?
Leonard:What’s that? Really? Right now?
OTHER:Why not?
Leonard:I just ate, aren’t you supposed to wait an hour?
OTHER:I think that’s for swimming.
Leonard:Oh, okay. I just hope I don’t get cramps.
OTHER:Yeah.
Leonard:Hey.
Penny:Hey. Oh, I put your clothes in the dryer.
Leonard:Thank you.
Penny:Your pants are ruined.
Leonard:Good.
Penny:So, how did the talk with Stephanie go?
Leonard:Well, um, on one level, really, really well.
Penny:So, you told her you wanted to slow things down?
Leonard:Not specifically, but, uh, I did tell her that I had feelings.
Penny:Good, good. And then what?
Leonard:And then the, the subject got changed somehow.
Penny:You had sex, didn’t you?
Leonard:Um, little bit.  What?
Penny:Nothing. Okay, well, it sounds like things are going to work out.
Leonard:Yeah, yeah it’s all good. Everything’s going to work out. One way or another.
Penny:Come on, Leonard, you are entitled to try and make things go the way you want them to.
Leonard:Really?
Penny:Yes, you don’t always have to go along with what the woman wants.
Leonard:Huh.
Penny:What?
Leonard:Nothing, just rethinking my whole life. Okay, here’s the thing, I’m afraid that if I ask her to move out, she’ll just dump me.
Penny:Well, it’s a chance you have to take. I mean, look, if it’s meant to be, it’ll be.
Leonard:Very comforting. Okay, so what do I say to her?
Penny:I don’t know. I mean, what have women said to you when they wanted to slow a relationship down?
Leonard:I really like you, but I want to see how things go with Mark?
Penny:Yeah, that’ll slow it down.
OTHER:I’m sorry, I totally interrupted you. What were you saying?
Leonard:Oh, right, yeah, um, so, Stephanie, here’s the thing. I really like you.
OTHER:Oh, God, here comes the speech.
Leonard:What speech?
OTHER:I really like you, but maybe we should spend a little less time together ‘cause I need my space but I’ll call you on Tuesday, and then you never call me so I call you, but you don’t call me back and then when I run into you at the coffee shop you pretend like you’ve been having problems with your voice mail and I know that you’re lying, but I pretend like I don’t care even though I’m dying inside!
Leonard:No! No, no! I wasn’t going to say any of that. I was just going to say, I really like you.
OTHER:Oh. Oh, good! ‘Cause I really like you, too.
Leonard:Terrific.
Leonard:Hey.
Raj:Hey.
Howard:Hey. Nice sweater.
Leonard:Yeah, Stephanie got it for me. It’s kind of fun.
Raj:It’s got a big bird on it, dude.
Leonard:Yeah, yeah, that’s the fun part. We’re also getting new curtains for my bedroom, and a dust ruffle, and a duvet, and I don’t even know what a duvet is but I’m pretty sure if I did I wouldn’t want one, but every time I talk to her about moving out she cries and we have sex.
Raj:You’re lucky. With me, it’s usually the other way around.
Howard:You know, if you can’t talk to her, why don’t you just text her?
Leonard:Isn’t that kind of cowardly?
Howard:Oh, yeah. It’s beyond contemptible.
Raj:It’s true, but on the other hand you are wearing a bird sweater.
Leonard:Sold. “I think it would be better for our relationship if you moved back to your place.” There. It’s done.
Howard:Good for you.
Leonard:Yeah, good for me. I’ll never have sex again.  I was wrong. See ya.
Penny :Sheldon?
OTHER:I have an inflamed larynx.
Penny:Okay?
OTHER:We’re out of herbal tea. Do you have any?
Penny:Okay, let me check.
OTHER:Some hiney would be nice, too.
Penny:Hiney?
OTHER:Honey.
Sheldon:Your argument is lacking in all scientific merit. It is well established Superman cleans his uniform by flying into Earth’s yellow sun, which incinerates any contaminate matter and leaves the invulnerable Kryptonian fabric unharmed and daisy fresh.
Howard:What if he gets something Kryptonian on it?
Sheldon:Like what?
Howard:I don’t know. Kryptonian mustard.
Sheldon:I think we can safely assume that all Kryptonian condiments were destroyed when the planet Krypton exploded.
Raj:Or it turned into mustard Kryptonite, the only way to destroy a rogue Kryptonian hotdog threatening Earth.
Leonard:Raj, please, let’s stay serious here. Superman’s body is Kryptonian, therefore his sweat is Kryptonian.
Howard:Yeah, what about Kryptonian pit stains?
Sheldon:Superman doesn’t sweat on Earth.
Howard:Okay, he’s invited for dinner in the Bottle City of Kandor. He miniaturizes himself, enters the city where he loses his superpowers. Now, before dinner, his host says, “who’s up for a little Kryptonian tetherball?” Superman says “sure,” works up a sweat, comes back to Earth, his uniform now stained with indestructible Kryptonian perspiration.
Raj:Booya.
Sheldon:Superman would have taken his uniform to a Kandorian dry cleaner before he left the Bottle.
Raj:“Kandorian dry cl…” I give up, you can’t have a rational argument with this man.
Howard:Hey, isn’t that the guy who won the MacArthur genius grant last year? No, not all at once.
Raj:Then how?
Howard:Leonard. Now, Raj. Now, Sheldon.
Raj:I didn’t get a good look. Can I go again?
Howard:No.
Leonard:It’s David Underhill. So what?
Sheldon:So what? His observation of high-energy positrons has provided the first conclusive evidence for the existence of galactic dark matter.
Leonard:I have two words for you. The first is big, the other’s whoop.
Sheldon:It is a big whoop. It made almost all the work you’ve done since you’ve been here completely useless.
Leonard:Did not.
Howard:Did, too.
Leonard:Did… okay, maybe  some of it, but, look, the guy was just in the right place, at the right time with the right paradigm-shifting reinterpretation of the universe. He got lucky.
Raj:In more ways than one. He’s a very handsome man.
Howard:Doesn’t do anything for me. If I was gonna go that way, I’m more of a Zac Ephron kinda guy.
Raj:Oh, yeah, like you have a shot with Zac Ephron.
OTHER:Excuse me, Are you Leonard Hofstadter?
Leonard:Uh, yeah.
OTHER:I’m David Underhill.
Leonard:Uh, y-yeah.
OTHER:Yeah, Dr. Gablehauser said if I wanted to set something up in the photomultiplier lab, that you’d be able to give me a hand?
Leonard:You want to work with me?
OTHER:Well, if you have a little time, yeah.
Leonard:Wow, y-yeah, sure. Yeah, no problem. Uh, Here’s my home number, here’s my cell, here’s my office, here’s my parents’ number up in New Jersey, they always know how to reach me. So…
OTHER:Okay.
Leonard:Congratulations on the MacArthur Grant, by the way. Big fan.
OTHER:Thanks. I’ll call you.
Leonard:Okay. Bye-bye! What are you looking at?You’ve never seen a hypocrite before?
Raj:Trailing badly, Wolowitz needs a strike if he has any hopes of catching up with Sheldon Cooper, who is dominating in the ninth frame with a career-best 68.
Leonard :Hey, guys!
Howard:That doesn’t count. Do over! Do over!
Sheldon:There are no do-overs in Wii bowling.
Howard:There are always do-overs when my people play sports.
Sheldon:Where were you that’s more important than Wii bowling night?
Leonard:Actually, I was…
Sheldon:It’s a rhetorical question. There is nothing more important than Wii bowling night.
Leonard:Come on, it’s just a video game. And we suck at it.
Sheldon:Nice motivational speech from the team captain.
Howard:Where were you?
Leonard:I was working with Dave Underhill.
Howard:Ooh, “Dave.” Sounds like Leonard’s got a new BFF.
Leonard:Actually, he’s pretty cool. I mean, not only is he a brilliant scientist, but it turns out he’s a Black Diamond skier, he collects vintage motorcycles, he plays in a rock band.
Howard:So? We’re in a rock band.
Leonard:No, we play Rock Band on our X-Box.
Sheldon:Nice motivational speech from our lead guitarist.
Leonard:He’s funny, too. He does this hysterical impersonation of Stephen Hawking having phone sex. What are you wearing? That’s not, he does it better. Anyway, he said he was gonna take me to the gym tomorrow, so I’m gonna go practice my situps.
Raj:Whoa. Humongous man crush, dude.
Howard:Yep. It’s officially a bro-mance.
Penny :Hey, Sheldon, are you and Leonard putting up a Christmas tree?
Sheldon:No, because we don’t celebrate the ancient pagan festival of Saturnalia.
Penny:Saturnalia?
Howard:Gather round, kids, it’s time for Sheldon’s beloved Christmas special.
Sheldon:In the pre-Christian era, as the winter solstice approached and the plants died, pagans brought evergreen boughs into their homes as an act of sympathetic magic, intended to guard the life essences of the plants until spring. This custom was later appropriated by Northern Europeans and eventually it becomes the so-called Christmas tree.
Howard:And that, Charlie Brown, is what boredom is all about.
Penny:Okay, well, thank you for that, but I got you and Leonard a few silly neighbour gifts, so I’ll just put them under my tree.
Sheldon:Wait! You bought me a present?
Penny:Uh-huh.
Sheldon:Why would you do such a thing?
Penny:I don’t know. ‘Cause it’s Christmas?
Sheldon:Oh, Penny. I know you think you’re being generous, but the foundation of gift-giving is reciprocity. You haven’t given me a gift, you’ve given me an obligation.
Howard:Don’t feel bad, Penny, it’s a classic rookie mistake. My first Hanukkah with Sheldon, he yelled at me for eight nights.
Penny:Now, honey, it’s okay.You don’t have to get me anything in return.
Sheldon:Of course I do. The essence of the custom is that I now have to go out and purchase for you a gift of commensurate value and representing the same perceived level of friendship as that represented by the gift you’ve given me. It’s no wonder suicide rates skyrocket this time of year.
Penny:Okay, you know what? Forget it. I’m not giving you a present.
Sheldon:No, it’s too late. I see it. That elf sticker says to Sheldon. The die has been cast, the moving finger has writ, Hannibal has crossed the Alps.
Howard :I know. It’s funny when it’s not happening to us.
Penny:Sheldon, I am very, very sorry.
Sheldon:No. No, I brought this on myself by being such an endearing and important part of your life. I’m going to need a ride to the mall.
Howard:It’s happening to us.
Leonard:Ow! Ow!
OTHER:Are you gonna make it?
Leonard:Yeah, I guess.
OTHER:All right.
Leonard:Thanks for letting me try out your motorcycle.
OTHER:No problem.
Leonard:I had no idea it was so heavy. The thing just fell right over on me, didn’t it?
OTHER:Yeah. Lucky for you it wasn’t moving.
Penny:Oh, hey, Leonard. Ooh, are you okay?
Leonard:Oh, yeah. It’s just a little motorcycle accident.
Penny:My God, how fast were you going?
Leonard:I don’t know. It’s all such a blur.
OTHER:Ha ha ha. Good one. He couldn’t even get it started. Hi. Dave.
Penny:Hi. Penny. So it’s your motorcycle?
OTHER:Uh-huh.
Penny:Oh, is it okay?
OTHER:It’s fine.
Leonard:Yeah, lucky for the bike it landed on my leg.
OTHER:You mind giving me a hand with speed racer here?
Penny:Oh, yeah. Yeah, sure. So, um, Dave, how do you know Leonard?
OTHER:I’m a physicist.
Penny:Ha-ha. No, you’re not.
OTHER:Why is that so surprising?
Penny:Uh, well, it’s just that the physicists I know are indoorsy and pale.
Leonard:I’m not indoorsy. I just wear the appropriate sun block because I don’t take melanoma lightly.
Penny:So, are you and Leonard working on an experiment together?
OTHER:Yeah, actually we are.
Leonard:Yeah, we’re examining the radiation levels of photomultiplier tubes for a new dark matter detector.
Penny:Uh, sweetie, sweetie, Dave was talking. You know, I love science.
Leonard:Since when?
Penny:Since always. Call me a geek, but I am just nuts for the whole subatomic particle thing.
OTHER:The last thing I would ever call you is a geek.
Penny:Ha. Well, that’s what I am, queen of the nerds.
OTHER:Well, if you like, I could show you the lab we’re working in. We’ve got some cool toys, you know, lasers and stuff.
Penny:You know, I have always wanted to see a big science lab.
Leonard:Since when?
Penny:Since always.
OTHER:Leonard, are you okay here?
Leonard:Uh, yeah. I guess.
OTHER:How ’bout we go see it now? Maybe afterwards we take the bike up the coast, we grab a little bite to eat…
Penny:Um,yeah, yeah, that sounds great, let me just get my jacket.
OTHER:Boy, she’ll do, huh?
Leonard:Yeah, if you like that type.
OTHER:So, you and her?
Leonard:No, just neighbours.
OTHER:Really. I don’t know how you live next door to that without doing something about it.
Leonard:Actually, science is my lady.
Penny:Okay. Let’s go.
OTHER:All right. See you tomorrow, Leonard.
Leonard:See ya. ‘Bye, Penny. Have fun.
Sheldon:Yes?  Did you forget your key?
Sheldon:I don’t see anything in here a woman would want.
Howard:You’re kidding. You’ve got lotions and bath oils and soaps, that’s the estrogen hat trick.
Leonard:What it is is a cacophonous assault of eucalyptus, bayberry, cinnamon and vanilla. It’s as if my head were trapped in the pyjamas of a sultan.
Raj:Sheldon, if you don’t like this stuff, let’s just go next door and build her a bear.
Sheldon:I told you before, bears are terrifying.
Howard:Come on, bath stuff, it’s perfect! You got a scented candle, a cleansing buff, spearmint and green tea scented bath oil, promotes relaxation.
Sheldon:That presupposes Penny is tense.
Raj:She knows you. She’s tense. We all are. Buy a basket!
Howard:Excuse me, we’re ready.
Sheldon:No, we’re not. Let’s say for a moment that I accept the bath item gift hypothesis, I now lay the following conundrum at your feet, which size?
Howard:This one. Let’s go.
Sheldon:You put no thought into that.
Howard:I’m sorry. Uh, this one. Let’s go!
Sheldon:I have insufficient data to proceed. Excuse me, miss?
OTHER:Yes?
Sheldon:If I were to give you this gift basket, based on that action alone and no other data, infer and describe the hypothetical relationship that exists between us.
OTHER:Excuse me?
Sheldon:Here. Now, are we friends? Colleagues? Lovers? Are you my grandmother?
OTHER:I don’t understand what you’re talking about and you’re making me a little uncomfortable.
Howard:See? Sounds just like you and Penny. We’ll take it.
OTHER:Hey, Leonard. Come, join us.
Leonard:Oh, hey, Dave. And Penny, what a surprise.
Penny:Hey, Leonard. Dave was just showing me around the university. You know, this place is unbelievable!
Leonard:Yeah, I know. I’ve been offering to show you around for a year and a half. You always said you had yoga.
Penny:I never said that.
Leonard:Maybe I heard you wrong. A lot of words sound like yoga.
OTHER:This is an amazing woman, Leonard. She has a curious and agile mind, not to mention being curious and agile in other respects.
Penny:Oh, shut up!
Leonard:Yes, please shut up. So, um, Dave, don’t you think you and I should get back to the lab? You know, that dark matter isn’t going to detect itself.
OTHER:Actually, I was thinking about taking the afternoon off so I could work on another experiment with Penny.
Penny:Really? We’re going to do an experiment?
OTHER:Uh-huh. We’re going to explore the effects of tequila shots on a gorgeous 22-year-old woman.
Penny:It’s not an experiment! You saw what happened last night.
OTHER:You ready to go?
Penny:Yeah. Oh, can I drive the motorcycle?
OTHER:Yeah, why not? You can’t do any worse than Leonard.
Leonard:That’s funny. By the way, my leg is killing me. Thanks for asking.
Sheldon:Mmm, great news, Leonard, I’ve solved my Penny gift dilemma.
Leonard:Yippee.
Sheldon:You see, the danger was that I might under or over-reciprocate, but I have devised a foolproof plan. See, I will open her gift to me first and then excuse myself, feigning digestive distress.
Leonard:Brilliant.
Sheldon:It is, isn’t it? Is it okay if I hide them in your room? The smell makes me nauseated.
Leonard:Do whatever you want.
Sheldon:Thank you, that’s very gracious.     Gentlemen.
Howard:Why couldn’t you have just done what Leonard did and get Penny a new boyfriend?
Leonard:My leg is killing me. Thanks for asking.
Leonard:Okay, I have just one question for you. While I am perfectly happy with the way things are between us, you said that you didn’t want to go out with me because I was too smart for you! Well, news flash, lady, David Underhill is ten times smarter than me! You’d have to drive a railroad spike into his brain for me to beat him at checkers! Next to him, I’m like one of those sign-language gorillas who knows how to ask for grapes! So, my question is, what’s up with that?
Penny:Why are you yelling at me?
Leonard:Sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry! Never mind, we’re cool.
Penny:Dave is not smarter than you. He’s an idiot.
Leonard:Really? Why would you say that?
Penny:Because a smart guy takes the nude photos of his wife off his cell phone before he tries to take nude photos of his girlfriend.
Leonard:He tried to take nude photos of you?
Penny:That’s what you took from that? The guy is married!
Leonard:Oh, yeah. I’m so… oh, that’s terrible.
Penny:And you, if you are so okay with the way things are between us, why are you so jealous?
Leonard:Well, uh, the important thing is he’s married and that’s terrible!
Penny:Nice save, genius. Eggnog?
Leonard:Lactose.
Penny:It’s just rum. It stopped being eggnog like half an hour ago.
Leonard:Smooth.
Penny:Smoother than you.
Leonard:Come on, it’s Christmas, just give me this one.
Penny:Okay, Merry Christmas.
Leonard:By the way, my leg is killing me. Thanks for asking.
Penny:Merry Christmas.
Leonard:Merry Christmas.
Penny:How’s your leg?
Leonard:Very good, thanks for asking. Come on in.
Sheldon:Ah, good, Penny, you’re here to exchange gifts. You’ll be pleased to know I’m prepared for whatever you have to offer.
Penny:Okay, here.
Sheldon:I should note I’m having some digestive distress, so, if I excuse myself abruptly, don’t be alarmed. Oh, a napkin.
Penny:Turn it over.
Sheldon:To Sheldon, live long and prosper. Leonard Nimoy.
Penny:Yeah, he came into the restaurant. Sorry the napkin’s dirty. He wiped his mouth with it.
Sheldon:I possess the DNA of Leonard Nimoy?!
Penny:Well, yeah, yeah, I guess. But look, he signed it.
Sheldon:Do you realize what this means? All I need is a healthy ovum and I can grow my own Leonard Nimoy!
Penny:Okay, all I’m giving you is the napkin, Sheldon.
Sheldon:Be right back.
Penny:Here. Open it.
Leonard:Oh, a gift certificate for motorcycle lessons. Very thoughtful.
Penny:Yeah, and I checked. Not letting the bike fall on you while standing still is lesson one.
Leonard:Oh, then, I think you’ll appreciate what I got you.
Penny:Okay. 101 Totally Cool Science Experiments for Kids.
Leonard:You know, ’cause you’re so into science.
Penny:Sheldon! What did you do?!
Sheldon:I know! It’s not enough, is it? Here.
Penny:Leonard, look! Sheldon’s hugging me.
Leonard:It’s a Saturnalia miracle.
Howard:All right, that’s the last servo. Behold the Mobile Omnidirectional Neutralization and Termination Eradicator. Or…
OTHER:MONTE.
Howard:Featuring one articulated razor-sharp killing saw, one polycarbonate grinding and flipping wheel, steel armour plate exoskeleton top and bottom, and enough horsepower to drive a 110 pounds of mechanized death from zero to holy crap in 4.8 seconds.
Sheldon:Is it wrong to say I love our killer robot?
Raj:As with my father, I both love and fear it.
Howard:All right, enough chitchat, let’s destroy something.
OTHER:One, two, three, go.
Raj:Okay. What shall be first to taste the wrath of Monte?
Leonard:Maybe we should start small.
Raj:Okay. Ooh, perhaps today is the day we finally find out what’s inside the Magic Eight Ball.
Sheldon:Did it when I was four. It’s an icosahedral dye floating in tinted blue water.
Raj:Man, call spoiler alert before you say things like that.
Leonard:How about the toaster oven?
Sheldon:What did the toaster oven ever do to you?
Leonard:What did I ever do to Jimmy Mullins in the third grade? He still punched me in the face with my own fists. Sorry, you little nerd, you were just in the wrong boys’ room at the wrong time.
Howard:Gentlemen, goggles.
Sheldon:Yeah, this is an auspicious moment. Yeah, like Robert Oppenheimer or Neil Armstrong, we need the appropriate words to mark this historic scientific event.
Raj:How about “Die, toaster, die”?
Leonard:That’ll do it.
Raj :All right, what’s next?
Penny:No, I think I’m just going to stay in tonight and do laundry.
Howard:Oh yeah, they still got the full Monte.
Penny:Leonard?
Leonard:Uh-huh?
Penny:What the hell?
Leonard:Killer robot. We built it.
Penny:Yeah, well, it almost killed me.
Sheldon:If it wanted to kill you, you’d be dead.
Penny:So, who exactly does it want to kill?
Sheldon:I’m sorry, are you unaware of the upcoming Southern California Robot Fighting League Round Robin Invitational?
Penny:You know, since I moved last year, not all my mail has been forwarded.
Howard:It’s a big deal. There’s an awards banquet and a dance afterward. Perhaps you’d like to come with me. I know the other fellas would be really excited to see a girl there.
Penny:How is it supposed to be a dance if I’m the only girl?
Howard:Well, that may be a slight exaggeration. You’d be the only doable girl.
Penny:You’re a pig, Howard.
Howard:How is doable anything but a compliment?
Leonard:Howard, why don’t we just work on the robot?
Howard:Please, Leonard, not now. Once again, Penny and I have begun our little tango.
Penny:Our tango?
Howard:The carnal repartee, the erotic to and fro. But as delicious as the appetizer might be, at some point we will have to succumb and eat the entree while it’s still… hot.
Leonard:I’m begging you, stop talking.
Penny:Look, normally I can just ignore you. I mean, I get it, you’re a little peculiar. You know, like Sheldon.
Sheldon:Yeah, excuse me, Penny, but in this room, you’re the one who’s peculiar.
Penny:Yeah, you might be right. But back to you. I know you think you’re some sort of smooth-talking ladies’ man, but the truth is, you are just pathetic and creepy.
Howard:Um, so what are you saying?
Penny:I am saying it is not a compliment to call me doable. It’s not sexy to stare at my ass and say, “Ooh, it must be jelly ’cause jam don’t shake like that.” And most important, we are not dancing a tango, we’re not to’ing and fro’ing. Nothing is ever going to happen between us. Ever.
Howard:Wait a minute. This isn’t flirting, you’re serious.
Penny:Flirting? You think I’m flirting with you? I am not flirting with you, no woman is ever gonna flirt with you, you’re just gonna grow old and die alone.
Howard:Thanks for the heads up.
Leonard:Howard, where you going?
Howard:I’m going home to live my creepy, pathetic life.
Leonard:Wow.
Penny:Well, someone had to say it.  What?
Leonard:He said maybe we should enter you in the killer robot competition.
OTHER:Howard, the phone is ringing!
Howard:Here’s a crazy idea, Ma, answer it!
OTHER:Hello? All right, hold on. It’s your friend, Leonard! He wants to know why you’re not at school today!
Howard:I don’t go to school, Ma. I work at a university.
OTHER:That’s a school! Now pick up the phone!
Howard:I don’t want to talk to anybody.
OTHER:Should I ask Leonard to bring over your homework?!
Howard:I don’t have homework. I’m a grown man with a master’s degree in engineering!
OTHER:Excuse me, Mr. Fancy-Pants. Want me to get you a Popsicle?
Howard:Cherry, please!
OTHER:I ate the cherry. All that’s left is green.
Howard:You make me want to kill myself.
Raj:What’s going on?
Leonard:I don’t know, now they’re just yelling about Popsicles. Sounds like Penny really got to him.
Raj:I’m not surprised. Despite his hard and crusty shell, Howard is a very sensitive man. Do you know he writes poetry? Mostly about men from Nantucket and hermits named Dave, but he does it with real sensitivity.
OTHER:Hey, Hofstadter. Word around the pwasma wab is you built a wobot?
Leonard:Yes, we did, Kripke.
Sheldon:His name is Monte.
OTHER:Well, if you have any dewusions about entewing him against my wobot, the Kwipke Kwippler in the Southern California Wobot Fighting League Wound Wobin Invitational, aka the S.C.aw.F.L.aw.aw.I., his name is gonna be Swrap Metal.
Leonard:Come on, is that really necessary?
Sheldon:Leonard, I believe it is. This is trash talk, and trash talk is a traditional component in all sporting events. Kripke, your robot is inferior and it will be defeated by ours because ours exceeds yours in both design and execution. Also, I’m given to understand that your mother is overweight.
Raj:Oh, snap.
Sheldon:Now, of course, if that is the result of a glandular condition and not sloth and gluttony, I withdraw that comment.
Raj:What difference does it make? Fat is fat.
Sheldon:There are boundaries.
OTHER:Tell you what, forget the S.C.aw.F.L.aw.aw.I., let’s settle this woboto a woboto.
Sheldon:What do you mean?
OTHER:There’s no guawantee we’ve gotta go against each other in the Wound Wobin, so let’s thwow down. You know, unless you’re afwaid.
Sheldon:We accept your challenge. Name a time and place.
OTHER:Tomowow, thwee o’clock, the kinetics wab.
Sheldon:Make it so.
Leonard:No, don’t make it so. Barry, we can’t fight you tomorrow, our engineer is incapacitated.
OTHER:What’s wrong with him?
Raj:He’s depressed because he’s pathetic and creepy and he can’t get girls.
OTHER:We’re all pathetic and cweepy and can’t get girls, that’s why we fight wobots. If you’re not there, you’ll be exposed to widicule.
Raj:I’m curious, what part of America is that accent from?
Penny:Hey.
Leonard:Hey, you got a minute?
Penny:Yeah, come on in. What’s up?
Leonard:I need you to apologize to How…
Penny:Get out.
Leonard:Come on. Wolowitz won’t come out of his house and we need him for a robot battle.
Penny:Well, then have the robot go and get him.
Leonard:The robot didn’t hurt his feelings.
Penny:His feelings needed to be hurt.
Leonard:He’s been in bed for two days.
Penny:Yeah, probably with a blow-up doll.
Leonard:He’s not with a… does it really matter who or what he’s with? The guy is devastated.
Penny:Oh, please, how could I possibly devastate Howard?
Leonard:Okay, don’t take this as a criticism, but you kind of have that overexposed-to-gamma-rays thing going on.
Penny:What does that mean?
Leonard:You know, like, most of the time, you’re the easygoing Bruce Banner, but then, when you get angry, you kind of turn into, like, you know, grrrrr!
Penny:I turn into a bear?
Leonard:Seriously? Gamma rays? Bruce Banner? You didn’t get The Incredible Hulk from that? Never mind, just, please go talk to him.
Penny:And say what? That I didn’t mean it, because I meant it.
Leonard:Well, maybe you can go at it from a different angle, like, um, you see a glimmer of goodness in him and you only said what you said because you want to nurture it and make it shine.
Penny:Oh, pthththth.
Leonard:Okay, let’s try it this way. Remember the day that we first met and you asked me to go to your boyfriend’s apartment to get your TV back and he was nine feet tall and he took my pants off and you said… what was that? What did you say? Oh, yes, you said you owed me one.
Penny:Okay, come on, that’s not fair.
Leonard:I came home with no pants.
Penny:Fine, I’ll go over there tomorrow.
Leonard:Thank you. I should probably give you a heads up about his mother.
Penny:What about her?
Leonard:She’s a delightful woman. You’ll love her.
OTHER:Howard, there’s a blonde girl, Patsy, here to see you!
Howard:Who?
OTHER:Okay, now she’s saying it’s Penny.
Howard:I don’t want to talk to her.
Penny :Hey.
Howard:Ma!
OTHER:She ran past me. Was I supposed to tackle her?
Penny:So, I just came by to see how you were doing.
Howard:I’m fine.
Penny:Good. Your mom seems nice.
Howard:People move away from her on the bus. What do you want?
Penny:Okay, look. Howard, I just want to apologize for some things that I have said. About you. I’ve been informed that you have feelings. And apparently, I have hurt them. So, I’m sorry. Howard.
Howard:Fine, you’re sorry. Good-bye.
Penny:So, you’re okay?
Howard:Hey, I’m a big boy. I’m not traumatized by some random comment from some random woman. I mean, get over yourself.
Penny:Okay. Well, bye.
Leonard:Oh, my God. That’s Kripke’s robot?
OTHER:As you can see, the Kwippler is weducing the Chevy Cavawier to wubble.
Raj:I can’t watch anymore.
Leonard:Sheldon, we have to call it off.
Sheldon:We don’t have that option, we’ve accepted the challenge. We can’t run away from a fight.
Leonard:Oh, please, we’ve spent our whole lives running away from fights. Personally, I can squeeze through a hole in a fence half my size.
Sheldon:Impressive as that may be, Monte is not us. Monte has no fear.
Raj:Sheldon, did we all not just watch the same video? Kripke’s robot just had angry sex with a mid-sized automobile.
Sheldon:You are overlooking the fact that we now know what we’re up against and we can modify Monte so that he’s prepared.
Leonard:You want to prepare him? Install a bladder and a pair of shorts so he can wet himself.
Raj:Excuse me, but how are we going to make any modifications without Wolowitz? Have you heard from Penny yet?
Leonard:Not yet.
Sheldon:Have faith, gentlemen. We don’t need Wolowitz, engineering is merely the slow younger brother of physics. Watch and learn. Do either of you know how to open the toolbox?
Howard:And then, when I was 14, I met Marcy Grossman. She was so beautiful. She just got her braces off but they left a little of the overbite. It was so hot, like a sexy little chipmunk. I didn’t have the courage to ask her out, but I dedicated a song to her at the ninth grade talent show.
Penny:Aw, that sounds sweet.
Howard:Marcy Grossman is sunshine, on a cloudy day, when it’s cold outside, Marcy Grossman is the month of May…
Penny:Oh, it’s cute.
Howard:I guess you’d say, what can make me feel this way, Marcy Grossman, Marcy Grossman, Marcy Grossman, Talkin’ ’bout Marcy…
Penny:That’s great.
Howard:Grossman.
Penny:Oh, it’s fun.
Howard:And then she came up with that sexy little chipmunk mouth and spit in my hair. Which brings us to tenth grade.
Penny:Howard, do you think maybe sometimes you try too hard?
Howard:Look at me. What chance do I have if I don’t try too hard?
Penny:Well, you’d have a terrific chance. I mean, you’re smart, you’re funny, you have a cool job. You build stuff that goes into outer space.
Howard:I guess.
Penny:Look, I’m telling you, I’ve known you for, like, a year and a half and this is the first time I feel like I’m talking to a real person. And you know what? I like him, he’s a nice guy.
Howard:You really think so?
Penny:Yes.
Howard:I don’t know.
Penny:I do.
Leonard:Nice little bot you’ve got here.
OTHER:I’m aware.
Leonard:What’s this do, spin?
OTHER:Yep. At 3400 RPM. It can cut through steel like it was wubber.
Leonard:Neat. Good work. Sheldon, we’ve got to call this off.
Sheldon:No, Leonard. For years, merciless thugs like Kripke have made my life a series of painful noogies and humiliating wedgies and the insensitively named Indian burns. That stops now.
Raj:But, Sheldon, we don’t have a chance. The only improvement you were able to make on the robot was to put fresh batteries in the remote.
Sheldon:What you fail to realize is Kripke suffers from a fatal flaw, overconfidence from his robot’s massive size and its overwhelming power.
Raj:That’s not overconfidence, that’s observation.
Sheldon:Trust me, Kripke will fall easy prey to my psychological warfare. Observe. Kripke! I would ask if your robot is prepared to meet its maker, but as you are its maker, clearly the two of you have met.
OTHER:What is his pwoblem?
Raj:Way to bust out the Jedi mind tricks, dude.
Leonard:I just want to make sure that we’re all clear, standard robotic fighting league rules apply.
OTHER:Are you cwazy? This is a stweet fight, the stweet has no rules.
Sheldon:He’s right, Leonard. The paradigm is to the death.
OTHER:I will, however, give you the opportunity to concede my supewiowity now and offer me your wobot as the spoils of war.
Sheldon:Never. I’d rather see Monte dead than in your hands.
OTHER:That could be easily awanged. Weady, set, go?
Sheldon:Do it.
OTHER:Alwight then. Weady. Set. Go.
Raj:Come on, Sheldon, you got this.
Sheldon:Indeed. We are prepared for anything he can throw at us.  That’s new.
Leonard:Run, Monte, run!
Raj:Go, Monte! Go Monte!
Leonard:Go, go, go, go!
Sheldon:Don’t hurt us, don’t hurt us,
Leonard:Well, so much for making up for the emotional wounds of childhood.
Sheldon:I did this. Monte was killed by my hubris and my pride. No matter what anybody says, this is my fault.
Raj:No one’s arguing with you, dude.
Howard :I got your text. How bad is… Oy.
Leonard:Forget the robot. What happened to you?
Penny:He slipped and fell.
Howard:Yes, I slipped and fell. In the bathroom. Bounced right off the tub.
Penny:Yes, now he knows what bathtubs are capable of doing when you don’t treat them with respect.
Howard:Yeah. They sucker punch you when your eyes are closed.
Sheldon:So what do you think, Howard? It’s not that bad, right?
Howard:Oh, no. A little electrical tape, some solder. Are you insane? I’ve seen space probes that crashed into the desert that were in better shape than this.
Sheldon:You’re right. Monte’s gone. We’ll bury him in the morning. A simple ceremony. I’ll speak. Leonard, you’ll play your cello.
Penny:Sheldon, honey, aren’t you getting a little carried away? I mean, it’s just a toy robot.
Sheldon:Just a toy robot?
Leonard:Penny.
Penny:I know, I got it. Sheldon, I’m sorry.
Howard:Well, don’t get the wrong idea. The way I see it, I’m halfway to pity sex.
Raj:Mmm, gentlemen, I put it to you, the worst tapioca pudding is better than the best pudding of any other flavour.
Sheldon:First off, that is axiomatically wrong, because the best pudding is chocolate. Secondly, the organic structure of tapioca makes it a jiggling bowl of potential death. It is extracted from the plant…
Howard:Hey, I’m thinking of growing a mustache.
Leonard:Ah, no kidding! A Fu Man Chu? A handlebar pencil?
Sheldon:It is extracted from the plant…
Howard:I’m not sure yet. You know, George Clooney has one now!
Raj:Really? I once saw him shopping at Ralph’s. He was buying tequila.
Howard:Oh, you’d think a guy like that would have some kind of booze lackey.
Leonard:Alright this is cruel, we better let him finish before his head explodes.
Howard:Alright Sheldon, why is tapioca…
Sheldon:Tapioca is extracted from the root of the plant Manihot Esculenta. Due to a high concentration of cyanide it is poisonous in its raw form and lethal if prepared improperly.
Raj:Feel better now?
Sheldon:It is also indigenous to Brazil, as is the Cocoa Bean, from which we get chocolate, the best pudding. And you promised you wouldn’t do that anymore!
OTHER:Hey Hofstadter!
Leonard:Hey Kripke.
OTHER:Heard about your watest pwoton decay expewiment, twenty thousand data wuns and no statistically significant wesults. Vewy impwessive!
Howard:What a jerk.
Raj:Don’t feel bad Leonard, negative results are still results.
Howard:Even twenty thousand of ‘em.
Leonard:Alright, please don’t cheer me up anymore.
Howard:C’mon, don’t let him get to you. It’s Kripke.
Raj:Yeah, he’s a ginormous knob.
Howard:That’s why he eats by himself, instead of sitting here at the cool table.
Raj:Fo’ shizzle.
Sheldon:Hey it’s true, Kripke lacks the basic social skills that we take for granted, but he also controls the new open science grid computer that I need to use to run some simulations of structure formation in the early universe.
Leonard:Good luck getting time on it. The only people he lets use it are his friends.
Sheldon:Well then, the solution is simple. I shall befriend him. Kripke!
OTHER:Yeah?
Sheldon:What’d you say of the idea of you and I becoming friends?
OTHER:I would say, I have no intewest in becoming your fwiend.
Sheldon:Really? That seems rather short sighted, coming from someone who is generally considered altogether unlikable. Why don’t you take some time to reconsider?
OTHER:Yeah, I’ll do that.
Sheldon:Well I think we’re off to a terrific start.
Leonard:There you go. Now any e-mail from Wolowitz will go right into your spam folder.
Penny:Thanks! I mean the e-mail doesn’t bother me as much as the vacation pictures of him in a bathing suit.
Leonard:Yeah, I got the same one. And that’s not a bathing suit, it’s a tan line.
Sheldon :Hello. This is Sheldon Cooper. I’m leaving a message for Barry Kripke. Barry, It was pleasant seeing you today in the cafeteria. I saw that you purchased the chef’s salad. pparently, you did not know that the chef’s salad is kitchen trickery, to utilize scrap meat. Nevertheless, I hope you enjoyed it. I’m following up on our pending friendship, and I look forward to hearing from you regarding its status. Sheldon Cooper.
Penny:What’s up with Ichabod?
Leonard:Oh he’s trying to make a new friend.
Penny:Oh really? Well, good for him.
Leonard:Well, unless he’s makes one out of wood like Gepetto, I don’t think it’s gonna happen.
Penny:Well, how did you guys become friends?
Leonard:There was a flier on the bulletin board at the university. Roommate wanted. Whistlers need not apply.
Penny:And you moved in anyway?
Leonard:I assumed he was joking. You’d be surprised how many particle physicists have a whimsical side.
Penny:Well, what about Howard and Raj, I mean how did you become friends with them?
Leonard:I don’t know, how do carbon atoms form a benzene ring? Proximity and valence electrons.
Penny:Well yeah, sure. When you put it that way. But it all worked out, right?
Leonard:I suppose. I do miss whistling though.
Penny:Oh come on, really?
Sheldon:First warning.
Penny:Hello Sheldon.
Sheldon:Hi.
Penny:What is this?
Sheldon:It’s a questionnaire I devised. I’m having some difficulty bonding with a colleague at work, so I’m doing a little research to better understand why my current friends like me.
Penny:Yes. Well, that is a good question. But is this really the best way to figure it out?
Sheldon:Yeah, I agree, the social sciences are largely hokum. But, short of putting electrodes in your brain and monitoring your response to my companionship, this is the best I can do.
Penny:Okay, question 1. Rank the following aspects of Sheldon Cooper in order of appeal. Intelligence. Ruthless attention to hygiene. Playfulness. Java applet writing?
Sheldon:I know, I may have started off with a fairly obvious one. You did an aspect of my most appealing trait, playfulness. Why don’t you just go ahead and write that number 1. I’m afraid you’re on your own for the rest. It should take you no more than 3 hours.
Penny:Wait! How many questions are on this thing?
Sheldon:Only 211. Don’t worry, in deference to you, I’ve kept them on a high school graduate reading level.
Penny:Thanks pal.
Sheldon:You got it, buddy.
Penny:Sheldon honey, did you ever consider making friends by being, I don’t know, pleasant?
Sheldon:Well that’s certainly a thought-provoking hypothesis. May I suggest it as the topic for your essay.
Sheldon:Your questionnaire, very disappointing.
Leonard:I answered every question Sheldon.
Sheldon:You answered the multiple choice questions in a pattern. A B B A C. A B B A C.
Leonard:Aw, you picked up on that huh?
Sheldon:How could I not?
Leonard:Come on! There’s over 200 questions. And look at some of these things. Sheldon is to camaraderie, as the space shuttle is to blank?
Sheldon:There are a number of acceptable answers, for example, C
Leonard:Hold on. I put some real work into that!
Sheldon:Yes, well it’s better than what Wolowitz did. He drew a raccoon with what appears to be, a distended scrotum.
Leonard:It’s kinda cute, until you get to the scrotum.
Sheldon:What hope do I have for establishing new relationships given that my current friends apparently cannot take a few hours out of their lives to help me?
Leonard:Sheldon, I’m not going to defend a big bald raccoon.
Sheldon:I don’t see how you could.
Leonard:What I’m trying to say is that, maybe you can’t approach this as a purely intellectual exercise.
Sheldon:What do you mean!?
Leonard:Well, remember when you tried to learn how to swim using the internet?
Sheldon:I did learn how to swim.
Leonard:On the floor.
Sheldon:The skills are transferrable. I just have no interest in going in the water.
Leonard:Then why learn how to swim?
Sheldon:The ice caps are melting Leonard. In the future, swimming isn’t going to be optional. But you do bring up an interesting point. I don’t have to break new ground here, I’m sure much of the research already exists.
Leonard:No! no, my point is, if you want to learn how to make friends, then just go out to a coffee shop or a museum. Meet people. Talk to them. Take an interest in their lives.
Sheldon:That’s insane on the face of it. Come on.
Leonard:Where are we going?
Sheldon:You’re driving me to the mall. I’m going to acquire a book that summarizes the current theories in the field of friendmaking.
Leonard:Why don’t you just lie down on the floor and swim there?
Sheldon:Coping with the death of a loved one. My condolences.
OTHER:Thank you.
Sheldon:Family or friend?
OTHER:Family.
Sheldon:Too bad. If it’d been a friend, I’m available to fill the void.  It’s just as well, she smelled like moth balls.
Leonard:Okay, if you’re gonna start sniffing people, I’m gonna go get a hot pretzel.
Sheldon:Excuse me. Do you have any books about making friends?
OTHER:Um, yeah but they’re all for little kids.
Sheldon:I assume the skills can be extrapolated and transferred.
OTHER:Uh, I guess. They’re right over there by the wooden train set.
Sheldon:Oh! I love trains!
OTHER:I bet you do.
Sheldon :Oh my! That’s awfully sticky. Alright, let’s see. Bernie Bunny has Two Daddies Now. It’s probably about homosexual rabbits. Jerry the Gerbil and the Bullies on the Bus. Read it, not helpful. Oh! Here we go. Stu the Cockatoo is New at the Zoo. Author Sarah Carpenter lives in Fort Wayne, Indiana, with her husband and best friend Mark, and their cockatoos too. Hardly makes her an expert in making friends, wouldn’t you agree?
OTHER:I don’t like birds, they scare me.
Sheldon:Me too! Most people don’t see it. What are you reading?
OTHER:Curious George.
Sheldon:Oh I do like monkeys!
OTHER:Curious George is a monkey.
Sheldon:Somewhat anthropomorphized but yes. Say, maybe sometime you and I can go see monkeys together. Would you like that?
OTHER:Okay.
Leonard:Sheldon, what are you doing?
Sheldon:I’m making friends with this little girl. What’s your name?
OTHER:Rebecca.
Sheldon:Hi Rebecca, I’m your new friend, Sheldon.
Leonard:No you’re not, let’s go.
Sheldon:We were really hitting it off.
Leonard:Don’t look up, there’s cameras.
Raj:I’m curious. In the “How Well Do You Know Sheldon” section, what do you put for his favourite amino acid?
OTHER:Lysine.
Raj:Damn it. I had Lysine and changed it.
Sheldon:Oh good! You’re just in time. I believe I’ve isolated the algorithm for making friends.
Leonard:Sheldon, there is no algorithm for making friends!
Howard:Hear him out. If he’s really on to something, we can open a booth at Comic-Con, make a fortune.
Sheldon:See, my initial approach to Kripke, had the same deficiencies as those that plagued Stu the Cockatoo, when he was new at the zoo.
Raj:Stu the cockatoo?
Leonard:Yes, he’s new at the zoo.
Sheldon:It’s a terrific book. I’ve distilled its essence into a simple flowchart that would guide me through the process.
Howard:Have you thought about putting him in a crate while you’re out of the apartment?
Sheldon :Hello, Kripke. Yes, Sheldon Cooper here. It occurred to me you hadn’t returned any of my calls because I hadn’t offered any concrete suggestions for pursuing our friendship. Perhaps the two of us might share a meal together… I see. Well then perhaps you’d have time for a hot beverage. Popular choices include tea, coffee, cocoa… I see. No, no, no, wait. Don’t hang up yet. What about a recreational activity? I bet we share some common interests. Tell me an interest of yours. Really? On actual horses? Tell me another interest of yours. Oh no, I’m sorry, I have no desire to get in the water until I absolutely have to. Tell me another interest of yours.
Leonard:Uh-oh, he’s stuck in an infinite loop.
Howard:I can fix it.
Sheldon:Mmhmm. Mmhmm. It’s interesting. But isn’t ventriloquism, by definition, a solo activity? Yeah? Tell me another interest of yours. Hmmm. Is there any chance you like monkeys? What is wrong with you? Everybody likes monkeys. Hang on, Kripke.  A loop counter? And an escape to the least objectionable activity! Howard, that’s brilliant! I’m surprised you saw that.
Howard:Gee. Why can’t Sheldon make friends?
Sheldon:Alright Kripke, that last interest strikes me as the least objectionable and I would like to propose that we do that together. Tomorrow. Yes, I’ll pay. Alright, goodbye. Alright! Time to learn rock climbing.
Sheldon:You know, I am a fan of ventriloquism. Maybe you, me and your dummy could go get a hot beverage. He could talk while you drink.
OTHER:Nope, I wanna climb some wocks.
Sheldon:This appears significantly more monolithic than it did on my laptop. No, one expects to see Hominids learning to use bones as weapeons.
OTHER:You afwaid of heights, Cooper?
Sheldon:Hardly. Fear of heights is illogical. Fear of falling, on the other hand, is prudent and evolutionary. What would you say is the minimum altitude I need to achieve to cement our new-found friendship?
OTHER:Come on, they have birthday parties here. Wittle kids climb this.
Sheldon:Little kid Hominids, perhaps.  Is this your entire job? Your parents must be so proud.
OTHER:Let’s go, Cooper.
Sheldon:Coming, Kripke. Okay. Harness seems to be secure. Small amount of incontinence just now, but the website said that’s to be expected. Hey, this isn’t so bad. A bit like vertical swimming.
OTHER:Hey, look at you, Cooper. You’re almost halfway to the top.
Sheldon:I am? I was wrong. It IS a fear of heights.
OTHER:You alwight there, Cooper?
Sheldon:Not really. I feel somewhat like an inverse tangent function that’s approaching an asymptote.
OTHER:Are you saying you’re stuck?
Sheldon:What part of an inverse tangent function approaching an asymptote did you not understand?
OTHER:Understood all that. I’m not a mowon. Just keep going.
Sheldon:Yeah, I don’t think I can.
OTHER:Well, then. Cwimb back down.
Sheldon:No, that doesn’t seem any more likely.
OTHER:So what’s the pwan, Cooper?
Sheldon:Well, it’s not exactly a plan but I think I’m going to pass out.
Leonard:I’m sorry. Can we please just do it one more time?
Howard:Okay. 1, 2, 1, 2, 3 and…
Leonard:It’s a little thing but you really do miss it.
Sheldon:Hello, everyone. I brought my new friend, Barry Kripke, home for dinner.
OTHER:Oh…
OTHER:Hewo to you, too.
Leonard:How was rock climbing?
OTHER:He passed out. Just hung there like a big sawami.
Sheldon:D-d-d! That’s where I sit.
OTHER:Ooh, you have a special spot. What kind of wacko are you?
Howard:How much time you got?
Leonard:Want some Chinese food?
OTHER:Tewific. Got any dental fwoss?
Leonard:In the bathroom.
OTHER:Be right back. I gotta fwoss the Indian food out of my teeth if I’m gonna eat Chinese.
Penny:Sheldon, are you okay?
Sheldon:Oh yes, I pass out all the time. But, it was worth it. I’ve made substantial progress in bonding with Kripke, which brings me to an awkward moment.
Leonard:What’s that?
Sheldon:Maintaining five friendships promises to be a Herculean task. So, I’m going to have to let one of you go.
Howard:Me, me. Let it be me.
Sheldon:Leonard, you are my roommate, my source of transportation and you help me fold my sheets when they come out of the dryer. You are safe.
Leonard:Can I whistle?
Sheldon:Don’t be silly. Howard, you do not have a PhD, your cologne is an assault on the senses and you’re not available for video games during the Jewish high holidays.
Howard:Guilty as charged. I’m out.
Sheldon:No. You, too, are safe.
Howard:Oh come on. What do I have to do?
Penny:Okay. You know what? I see where this is going. I’m not one of you guys. I’m not a scientist. So just…
Sheldon:Penny, Penny, Penny. Everything you’re saying is true, but please allow me to continue. Raj, you’re out. The good question, while you do provide a certain cultural diversity to an otherwise homogenous group, your responses to the questionnaire were truly disturbing. How could you, for a moment, think that my favourite amino acid is Glutamine?
Leonard:He had Lysine but changed it.
Sheldon:Yeah. Shoulda, woulda coulda, Raj.
OTHER:I like to fwoss before I eat, so my gum pockets are open for new food.
Penny:Eww.
OTHER:Hewo. How did I walk past you? I’m Bawy.
Penny:Penny.
OTHER:Yeah, it’s not a vewy hot name. I’m gonna call your Woxanne. Ooh, pot stickers.
Howard:Suddenly I’m looking pretty good, huh?
Sheldon:So uh, Kripke, I was wondering if there’s any chance you could get me some time on the open science grid computer.
OTHER:No.
Sheldon:No? But we’re friends!
OTHER:I’m sowy. No, my fwiend?
Sheldon:I’m confused. I was given an understanding that you allow your friends time on the machine?
OTHER:No, that’s wong. There’s an official schedule. I have no contwol over it.
Sheldon:Oh. This entire endeavour seems to have been an exercise in futility. Raj, you’re back in. He likes monkeys.
Howard:You gotta give him credit for sticking with it.
Leonard:I didn’t think he had it in him.
Raj:He almost made it to the top this time.
Leonard:Hmmm.
Sheldon:The problem appears to be unsolvable.
Raj:Maybe you could run some computer simulations.
Howard:There are too many variables. It would take forever.
Leonard:We’ve got to be missing something. Let’s start again. The movie is playing here at 7
Sheldon:Right, these theatres have to be eliminated.
Leonard:Why? They’re state-of-the-art digital projection, 20-channel surround sound.
Sheldon:Yes, but they have no Icee machines. Despite my aggressive letter-writing campaign, I might add.
Raj:What about the multiplex here? The seats are terrific.
Sheldon:They have Twizzlers instead of Red Vines. No amount of lumbar support can compensate for that.
Leonard:Well, it’s gonna take at least an hour to eat, and I don’t see a Sheldon-approved restaurant proximate to a Sheldon-approved theatre.
Raj:We could eat after the movie.
Sheldon:Unacceptable, the delay would result in tomorrow morning’s bowel movement occurring at work.
Raj:Hang on, hang on. There’s a 7-Eleven here. We smuggle Slurpies, which are essentially Icees, in under our coats, after having a pleasant meal either here, here or here.
Howard:Wow. I don’t see how we missed that.
Sheldon:Excuse me, in what universe are Slurpies Icees?
Raj:That’s how we missed it.
Leonard:Sheldon, would you be prepared, on a non-precedential basis, to create an emergency ad-hoc Slurpie-Icee equivalency?
Sheldon:Oh, Leonard, you know I can’t do that.
Howard:Okay, I guess we only have one option.
Raj:Yep, I don’t see any way around it.
Leonard:Bye, Sheldon.
Howard:See ya.
Raj:Later, dude.
Sheldon:They’re right, it was the only option.
Penny:Ooh, ooh, shut the door, shut the door.
Sheldon:Why?
Penny:Just do it!  Get inside and shut the door.
Sheldon:Well, you didn’t specify.
Penny:Is Leonard around?
Sheldon:He went to the movies without me. It was the only option. I’m sorry, I don’t understand which social situation this is. Could you give me some guidance as to how to proceed?
Penny:The building manager’s showing an apartment downstairs, and I haven’t paid my rent.
Sheldon:Oh, I see. Penny, I’m not sure I’m comfortable harbouring a fugitive from the 2311 North Los Robles Corporation.
Penny:It’s no big deal. I’m just a little behind on my bills because they cut back my hours at the restaurant and my car broke down.
Sheldon:If you recall, I pointed out the “check engine” light to you several months ago.
Penny:Well the “check engine” light is fine. It’s still blinking away. It’s the stupid engine that stopped working. It cost me like twelve hundred dollars to fix it.
Sheldon:You know, it occurs to me you could solve all your problems by obtaining more money.
Penny:Yes, it occurs to me, too.
Sheldon:Hang on a moment.  Here. Take some. Pay me back when you can.
Penny:Wow, you got a lot of money in there.
Sheldon:That’s why it’s guarded by snakes. Take some.
Penny:Don’t be silly.
Sheldon:I’m never silly. Here.
Penny:No, I can’t.
Sheldon:Don’t you need money?
Penny:Well, yeah, but…
Sheldon:This is money I’m not using.
Penny:But what if you need it?
Sheldon:My expenses account for 46.9% of my after-tax income. The rest is divvied up between a small savings account, this deceptive container of peanut brittle and the hollowed-out buttocks of a superhero action figure who shall remain nameless for his own protection. Or her own protection. Take some.
Penny:Really? I mean, are you sure?
Sheldon:I see no large upcoming expenditures unless they develop an affordable technology to fuse my skeleton with adamantium like Wolverine.
Penny:Are they working on that?
Sheldon:I sincerely hope so.
Penny:Okay. Well, thank you. Oh, God, no, I can’t. Sheldon honey, I don’t want things to be weird between us.
Sheldon:Won’t it also be weird if I have to say hello to you every morning on my way to work and you’re living in a refrigerator box and washing your hair with rain water?
Penny:I’ll pay you back as soon as I can.
Sheldon:Of course you will. It’s impossible to pay me back sooner than you can. Assuming you subscribe to a linear understanding of time and causality.
Penny:I’m regretting this already.
Sheldon:You know, I’ve given the matter some thought, and I think I’d be willing to be a house pet to a race of super-intelligent aliens.
Leonard:Interesting.
Sheldon:Ask me why.
Leonard:Do I have to?
Sheldon:Of course. That’s how you move a conversation forward.
Leonard:Why?
Sheldon:The learning opportunities would be abundant. Additionally, I like having my belly scratched.
Leonard:Hey, Penny. How was work?
Penny:Great. I hope I’m a waitress at the Cheesecake Factory for my whole life.
Sheldon:Was that sarcasm?
Penny:No.
Sheldon:Was that sarcasm?
Penny:Yes.
Sheldon:Was that sarca..
Leonard:Stop it!
Sheldon:Penny, you appear to have a package here.
Penny:Oh, thanks. This must be the beret I ordered. A couple of months ago. It was back-ordered.
Sheldon:Did you know the beret is an example of piece of women’s fashion adapted from male military uniforms? Another fascinating example is the epaulet.
Leonard:He’s not lying, he does find that fascinating.
Penny:Okay, whatever. It’s not like I’m running up and down the streets just buying myself berets. I bought one, like, a month ago, and it was back-ordered, look, it finally arrived, all right?
Sheldon:All right.
Penny:Oh, my God, would you just get off my case?
Leonard:Weird.
Sheldon:Oh, good, that was an unusual interaction. I wasn’t sure.
Leonard:Did you guys have an argument?
Sheldon:No.
Leonard:Well, you clearly did something to aggravate her.
Sheldon:I’m at a loss. If you like, you can review my daily log of social interactions and see if there’s a blunder I overlooked.
Leonard:Here you go. Oh, you owe me another two dollars. The price of mu-shu pork went up.
Howard:It’s getting tougher and tougher to be a bad Jew.
Leonard:Here you go, Penny. Shrimp with lobster sauce.
Penny:Thank you, Leonard. What’s my share?
Leonard:Don’t worry about it. It’s my treat.
Penny:No, really, how much?
Leonard:It’s, whatever. Ten, eleven dollars.
Penny:Well, which is it, ten or eleven?
Leonard:Fourteen fifty, but it’s no biggie, you’ll get the next one.
Penny:What?
Howard:He was just wondering if he wore skintight jeans and a tank top if he’d get his shrimp lo mein for free.
Penny:What are you saying? That I’m using my body to get dinner? That I’m some kind of Chinese food prostitute?
Howard:Yeah, Raj, what are you saying?
Penny:‘Cause let me tell you something, buddy, I pay my own way in this world, okay? I don’t rely on anybody!  What was that about?
Howard:He has a nervous bladder when he’s stressed out. Kind of like a puppy.
Penny:Here, Leonard, ten, eleven, twelve, uh, fourteen dollars.
Leonard:It was fourteen fifty, but it’s okay.
Sheldon:Oh, good. Dinner’s here.
Penny:Yes, dinner’s here, and I’m having some. I’m having takeout food.
Sheldon:Okay.
Penny:You’re damn right it’s okay. I’ve been having leftovers at the restaurant for like four days, and I wanted something different. So sue me.
Sheldon:Forgive me, Penny, but that would be the very definition of a frivolous lawsuit.
Penny:Sheldon, look, I will pay you back as soon as I can. You just have to give me more time.
Leonard:Oh, wait, you lent her money?
Penny:She needed money. You seem under pressure. Did I not lend you a sufficient amount? Because I can give you more.
Penny:Oh, you know, you would just love that, wouldn’t you? Yeah. You would just love to open up your little snake can and throw some money at the girl who can’t pay her bills.
Leonard:Where are you going?
Penny:Going home, where I won’t be interrogated like a criminal. I forgot my fortune cookie.
Sheldon:In case either of you have larceny in your heart, you should know that I’ve moved my money out of the snake can.
Leonard:But if you’re ever short, there’s always a couple of fifties in Green Lantern’s ass.
Leonard:Hey.
Penny:Hey.
Leonard:A little mood lighting, huh?
Penny:Yeah. When I didn’t pay my bill, the Department of Water and Power thought I would enjoy the ambience.
Leonard:Yeah, they’re very considerate that way.
Penny:I used Sheldon’s money to pay my rent, then I had like fourteen dollars left over.
Leonard:Fourteen dollars, huh?
Penny:Put it back in your pocket, or I’ll find some other place to put it.
Leonard:Back in the pocket it goes. Look, you do understand that Sheldon really doesn’t care when he gets the money back. It’s actually one of the few idiosyncrasies that doesn’t make you want to, you know, kill him.
Penny:Yeah, well, that’s not really my big problem.
Leonard:So you’re a little behind on your bills. Everybody gets behind on their bills.
Penny:Yeah, I know, it’s just, this wasn’t the plan, it wasn’t supposed to go this way.
Leonard:Well, what was the plan?
Penny:Um, waitress for six months and then become a movie star.
Leonard:Was there a plan B?
Penny:TV star.
Leonard:It’s probably not as bad as you think. Let’s take a look. Maybe we can find some corners to cut. Oh, here’s something, if you don’t have electricity, then you probably don’t need cable. Just a suggestion. 170 dollars for acting classes?
Penny:Oh, no, I can’t give up my acting classes. I’m a professional actress.
Leonard:You’ve had an acting job where you got paid?
Penny:That is not the definition of professional.
Leonard:Actually, it kind of… let’s keep looking. Whoa, what’s eighteen hundred dollars to the Los Angeles County Superior Court?
Penny:Oh, that’s nothing.
Leonard:Nothing? It sounds like you got caught speeding going 4,000 miles an hour.
Penny:Well, remember Kurt?
Leonard:Your ex-boyfriend?
Penny:Yeah. He got arrested for taking a whiz on a cop car.
Leonard:What?
Penny:He was drunk.
Leonard:I would hope so.
Penny:Anyway, he had a bunch of outstanding tickets and a bench warrant, so I, you know, I paid his fines.
Leonard:Did he pay you back?
Penny:No, but he will.
Leonard:And that’s based on the inherent credit-worthiness of people who get drunk and urinate on police vehicles?
Penny:Leonard, I’m not gonna call up Kurt and ask him for money.
Leonard:Well what are you gonna do?
Penny:I don’t know, but I may have to find a cheaper place to live.
Leonard:Oh, no. Oh, you don’t want to do that.
Penny:Why not?
Leonard:Well, moving is a big deal. You have to go to the supermarket and get boxes, and if they’re not clean, then your books smell like melons, and it’s just, like… Why don’t you just get a roommate and stay here?
Penny:Well, do you know anybody?
Leonard:Well, I’m sure the guy living with Sheldon wouldn’t mind moving in with you.
Penny:Oh, Leonard, honey, if we started living together, I wouldn’t be able to keep my hands off you.
Leonard:Really?
Penny:And you thought my acting lessons were a waste of money.
Howard:Ugh. This mu-shu pork’s burning a hole through my duodenum.
Raj:Leviticus 11
Howard:Hey, do I mock you with the Bhagavad-Gita every time you scarf down a Whopper?
Leonard:Hey, what’s going on?
Raj:We’re on a quest through the Valley of Fire to acquire the sacred crown.
Howard:You want the Valley of Fire? It’s right here.
Leonard:Hey, you guys want to go on a real live quest?
Sheldon:Outside? I just made cocoa.
Leonard:– Come on. It’ll be fun.
Howard:What is it?
Leonard:Do you guys remember Penny’s ex-boyfriend Kurt?  Yeah, that’s him. It turns out he owes Penny a lot of money, and I’m gonna go get it from him.
Howard:Ooh, double sixes.
Leonard:Really? You’re just gonna let me go by myself?
Raj:Oh, cool, I got a sword.
Leonard:I could use some help.
Raj:Here.
Leonard:You guys are unbelievable, you play a game to simulate adventure, but when there’s real adventure out there in the real world, you just wimp out.
Sheldon:Leonard, do you not recall the last time we visited this gentleman, we returned home without pants?
Leonard:I do.
Sheldon:Are you sure? Because your proposal suggests that you don’t.
Leonard:I’m not afraid of him.
Sheldon:All right. Leonard fairly calls the question, who is in favour of abandoning our game and confronting Penny’s steroid-infused ex-boyfriend in a suicidal mission to extract money from him? Say hi to Kurt for us.
Leonard:Excuse me. When Frodo left the Shire to take the one ring to Mordor, didn’t Samwise, Pippin and Merry go with him?
Sheldon:They did.
Leonard:Well?
Sheldon:They had a terrible time of it, Leonard.
Raj:Plus, no one stole their pants.
Leonard:Fine. Just enjoy your little game. I’ll make this quest on my own.
Howard:Leonard, wait. Take a jacket, it’s spritzing a little.
Leonard:You guys suck.  Come on, please? He’s so big.
Leonard:Okay, is everyone clear on the plan?
Howard:Yes. Koothrappali’s going to wet himself, I’m gonna throw up, Sheldon’s gonna run away, and you’re going to die. Shall we synchronize our watches?
Leonard:Guys, there are four of us and one of him.
Sheldon:Which means his triumph will be even larger. Minstrels will write songs about him.
Leonard:Okay, how about this? I’ll do the talking, you just stand behind me and try to look formidable.
Raj:I should’ve peed before we left.
OTHER:Yeah?
Leonard:Hi, Kurt.
OTHER:Lenny, right?
Leonard:I don’t really go by Lenny, but that’s okay. Um, you remember Sheldon, Howard and Raj.
OTHER:No. What do you want?
Sheldon:You don’t remember me? How could he not remember me?
Leonard:Sheldon, not now.
Sheldon:I remember him.
Leonard:Okay, here it is. Penny’s in kind of a financial jam, and the money that you owe her would go a long way to solving her problems.
OTHER:And she sent you to get it from me?
Leonard:No, no, she’s too proud to ask for the money. I, on the other hand, feel you should honour your debt.
OTHER:You do?
Leonard:Feel is a kind of a… it’s a strong word. Um, I just think it would be a nice gesture on your part.
OTHER:She’ll get it when she gets it.
Howard:Well, there you go. Problem solved.
Raj:A successful quest. Now let’s go find a gas station with a clean bathroom.
Leonard:No, the problem isn’t solved. He just blew us off.
Sheldon:I’ve got it. He didn’t remember me because the last time we met I was in a Halloween costume.
Howard:Come on, Leonard, let’s go
Leonard:No. You can leave if you want to. I’m gonna see this through.
Howard:Okay.
Leonard:I guess, technically, that was my fault.  I’m not leaving here without Penny’s money.
OTHER:What happened to your backup?
Leonard:I don’t need backup. I have right on my side. And I’m wearing cargo shorts under my pants.
Sheldon:Congratulations. You may not have succeeded in getting cash, but you did secure a formal acknowledgment of the debt.
Howard:Maybe we should have your head notarized.
Raj:If anybody cares, I still have to pee.
Leonard:Hey.
Penny:Hey, is Sheldon here?
Leonard:Yeah. Hang on. Sheldon!
Penny:Nice hat.
Leonard:It’s kind of a fashionable look these days.
Penny:Maybe if you’re working on a tuna boat.
Sheldon:Hello, Penny.
Penny:Sheldon, here is your money. Thank you very much. It helped a lot.
Sheldon:Sarcasm?
Penny:No.
Sheldon:Darn. I can’t seem to get the hang of that.
Leonard:Hey, I know it’s none of my business, but where did the money come from?
Penny:Well, I cut back my expenses like you said and picked up a few more hours at the restaurant, but the biggest thing was, out of the blue, Kurt shows up and gives me the money he owes me.
Leonard:Really? Did he say why?
Penny:Yes, he said he was feeling guilty and wanted to do what was right.
Leonard:That’s it? Did he give any reason as to why he came to this moral epiphany?
Penny:Nope. I just think he’s really changed. We’re having dinner tomorrow night, and I get to wear my new beret. Bye, guys.
Leonard:Bye.
Sheldon:Well done, Leonard. The true hero doesn’t seek adulation, he fights for right and justice simply because it’s his nature.
Leonard:Penny’s hooking up with her jerk of an ex-boyfriend and I have indelible ink on my forehead!
Sheldon:That’s your badge of honour, your warrior’s wound, if you will. I was wrong, minstrels will write songs about you.
Leonard:Great.
Sheldon :There once was a brave lad named Leonard, with a fi-fi-fiddle-dee-dee. He faced a fearsome giant, while Raj just wanted to pee.
Penny:Fellas, please.
Howard:Penny, come on, we were just finding our sound.
Penny:You found it. It’s the sound of a cat being run over by a lawn mower.
Leonard :I’m really very busy. Is there any way that we can put this off until I have more time to prepare? Of course. But, uh, you understand my trepidation.
Penny:What’s that about?
Howard:Not a clue.
Leonard:Can’t we just postpone it till the spring? Maybe next summer?
Sheldon:This should be fairly easy to deduce. He’s holding the phone to his left ear. Ears do not cross hemispheres, so he’s using the analytical rather than the emotional side of the brain, suggesting that he has no personal relationship with the caller.
Leonard:No, I didn’t realize it had been so long. Sure, I guess there’s no other choice but to just go ahead and do it.
Sheldon:He’s referring to an activity he has done before. It’s unpleasant and needs to be repeated. This suggests some sort of invasive medical test, like perhaps a colonoscopy.
Leonard:Aren’t there any other options? There’s not a lot of room, it’s gonna be uncomfortable.
Sheldon:Yes, yes. Yeah, I’m definitely going with colonoscopy.
Leonard:Okay, bye. My mother’s coming to visit.
Howard:How about that, you were right.
Penny:It’s out of order.
OTHER:Yes, I can read the sign, I’m just pondering the implications.
Penny:I think it implies that the elevator doesn’t work.
OTHER:Again, I can read the sign. But the sign and the tape are covered with a layer of dust, which indicates that the elevator has been non-functional for a significant amount of time. Which suggests either a remarkable passivity among the, I assume, 24 to 36 residents of this building based on the number of mailboxes and given typical urban population density or a shared delusion of functionality.
Penny:You must be Leonard’s mother.
OTHER:Oh, I don’t know if I must be, but yes.
Penny:Uh, I’m Penny. I’m his neighbour.
OTHER:Oh, Dr. Beverley Hofstadter.
Penny:Oh, nice to meet you.
OTHER:Oh, you’re a hand shaker. Interesting.
Penny:Uh, why don’t you come with me. I’ll walk you to the apartment.
OTHER:Oh, all right. Would you like to exchange pleasantries on the way?
Penny:Yeah, sure, I guess.
OTHER:All right, you start.
Penny:Okay. You know, I’ve always been curious. What was Leonard like when he was little?
OTHER:Oh, I think you mean young. He’s always been little.
Penny:Right, okay. What was he like when he was young?
OTHER:You’ll have to be more specific.
Penny:Oh, um, okay, like, five or six. Five.
OTHER:Oh, well, at that age he was well enmeshed in what Freud would call the phallic stage of psychosexual development. An outmoded theory, of course, but the boy did spend most of his waking hours with a tight grasp on his penis.
Penny:Yeah, Leonard mentioned you were a psychiatrist.
OTHER:Well, that is one of my degrees. My primary field is neuroscience.
Penny:Oh, well, I’m an actress.
OTHER:Why?
Penny:What do you mean why?
OTHER:Well, there are studies that suggest that many who go into the performing arts suffer from an external locus of identity.
Penny:Yeah, I don’t know what that means.
OTHER:Well, it means you value yourself only as others value you, which is often the result of unmet childhood emotional needs.
Penny:Oh, well, I had a wonderful childhood.
OTHER:Tell me about it.
Penny:I know my dad wanted a boy. I just, I tried being good at sports, but I hated getting dirty!
OTHER:And then, I’m assuming, you entered adolescence.
Penny:Uh-huh, he called me Slugger until I got my first training bra, and then he just stopped playing catch with me. I wasn’t Slugger anymore. Your mother’s here!
OTHER:If you want to have intercourse with that girl, find out what kind of cologne her father wore.
Leonard:Good to see you, Mother.
Leonard:Here’s your tea, Mother.
OTHER:Oolong?
Leonard:Yes.
OTHER:Loose, not bagged?
Leonard:Yes.
OTHER:Steeped three minutes?
Leonard:Yes.
OTHER:Two-percent milk?
Leonard:Yes.
OTHER:Warmed separately?
Leonard:Yes.
OTHER:One teaspoon sugar?
Leonard:Yes.
OTHER:Raw sugar?
Leonard:Yes.
OTHER:It’s cold.
Leonard:I’ll start again.
Sheldon:I have the same problem with him. My theory is that his lack of focus stems from an over-developed sex drive.
OTHER:Oh, I don’t know where he would’ve gotten that. Aside from a pro forma consummation of our marriage, his father and I only had intercourse for the purposes of reproduction.
Sheldon:That seems a fairly efficient arrangement.
OTHER:Yes, we think so. We’ve both done papers on it. Mine from the neuroscientific point of view and his from an anthropological. Mine, of course, was the only one worth reading.
Sheldon:Of course. I would very much like to read about your sex life.
OTHER:Well, it’s all online or you can order it from the Princeton University Press.
Leonard:Here’s your tea, Mother. So, what are you guys talking about?
Sheldon:The frequency with which your parents had intercourse.
Leonard:Swell. If you’re lucky, maybe she’ll show you the PowerPoint presentation.
OTHER:I’m sorry, it’s on my other laptop.
Sheldon:Aw…
Leonard:So, Mother, what’s new?
OTHER:You’ll have to be more specific.
Leonard:All right. Uh, what’s new with you?
OTHER:Oh, well, I’ve been having some fascinating menopausal symptoms recently.
Leonard:Maybe something less personal.
OTHER:Oh. Your Uncle Floyd died.
Leonard:Oh, my God. What happened?
OTHER:His heart stopped beating. I have to urinate.
Sheldon:What a remarkable woman.
Leonard:Yeah I, I thought you guys might hit it off.
Sheldon:I envy you your childhood.
Leonard:I hate to tell you, but the only warm memories I have of my childhood are of my Uncle Floyd.
Sheldon:You’re clearly misremembering. Your mother is brilliant, analytical, insightful, and I’m betting she never hit you with a Bible because you wouldn’t eat your Brussels sprouts.
Leonard:Sheldon, you don’t give your mother enough credit. She’s warm, she’s loving, she doesn’t glue electrodes to your head to measure your brain waves while potty training.
Sheldon:You were lucky. When I was a kid, if I wanted an EEG, I had to attach my own electrodes.
Howard:So, Dr. Hofstadter, Leonard rarely talks about his incredibly successful brother and sister.
Leonard:Please, don’t go there, Howard.
Howard:I understand that unlike Leonard, they’re at the top of their respective fields.
Leonard:Boy, you suck.
OTHER:Well, Leonard’s younger brother, Michael, is a tenured law professor at Harvard, and his sister just successfully grew a human pancreas in an adolescent gibbon.
Howard:So, she’s close to curing diabetes?
OTHER:Why else would you grow a pancreas in a teenaged gibbon?
Howard:Wow, you must be very proud.
OTHER:Why? They’re not my accomplishments. I have to urinate.
Leonard:Why are you doing this?
Howard:You know the rules. You brought your mom to work, you must suffer.
Sheldon:Leonard, I had no idea your siblings were so much more successful than you.
Raj:Yeah, you’re like the Jar Jar Binks of the Hofstadter family.
Howard:Oh, meesa think yousa lookin’ so so sad.
Leonard:You know, rather than mock me, my friends might realize that this is difficult and try to help me through it.
Raj:Nope, I think mocking you is more fun.
Howard:Next time, don’t yousa bring mama to work. Okee-day?
Leonard:That was fast.
OTHER:Oh, the middle stall was occupied. I’ll have to try again later.
Sheldon:It’s totally understandable. In bladder voiding, as in real estate, it’s location, location, location.
OTHER:So, where were we?
Leonard:Howard lives with his mother and Raj can’t speak to women unless he’s drunk. Go.
OTHER:That’s fascinating. Selective mutism is quite rare. On the other hand, an adult Jewish male living with his mother is so common it borders on sociological cliché.
Howard:It’s just temporary, I pay rent.
Leonard:He lives in the same room where his bassinet was.
OTHER:You know, both selective mutism and an inability to separate from one’s mother can stem from a pathological fear of women. It might explain why the two of you have created an ersatz homosexual marriage to satisfy your need for intimacy.
Howard:Say what?  That’s basically what I just said.
Leonard:You brought your husband to work, you know the rules. Meesa thinking yousa looking pretty sad now too, betcha, betcha.
OTHER:Leonard, it’s one o’clock, weren’t you going to show me your laboratory at one o’clock?
Leonard:There’s no hurry, Mother, tell them more about their secret love for each other.
OTHER:But it’s one o’clock, you were going to show me your laboratory at one o’clock.
Sheldon:Her reasoning is unassailable. It is one o’clock.
Leonard:Fine. Let’s go. I think you’ll find my work pretty interesting. I’m attempting to replicate the dark matter signal found in sodium iodide crystals by the Italians.
OTHER:So, no original research?
Leonard:No.
OTHER:Well, what’s the point of my seeing it? I could just read the paper the Italians wrote.
Howard:Just for the record, we’re not in an ersatz homosexual relationship.
Raj:Well, then why didn’t you say that to her?
Howard:Why is it always my responsibility?
Raj:It’s not always your responsibility. I swear, this is the same thing you did at the comic book store last week.
Howard:I can’t believe you’re bringing that up.
Raj:I didn’t bring it up. You did.
Howard:We’ll talk about this later.
Raj:You always say that, but we never do.
Sheldon:You went to the comic book store without me.7
Penny:Hey.
Leonard:You got alcohol?
Penny:Your mom still here?
Leonard:Yep.
Penny:Come on in. Wait, wait, she’s not gonna come here looking for you, is she?
Leonard:Oh, relax. She took Sheldon to the hospital to get a brain scan.
Penny:Oh, my God. What happened?
Leonard:Nothing. Mother likes looking at brains and Sheldon likes getting his brain scanned.
Penny:Geez, what a fun couple.
Leonard:She’s only been here a day and a half and I’m seriously considering alcoholism as a new career path.
Penny:Hey, I talked to her for five minutes yesterday and I’ve been half bombed ever since.
Leonard:You can’t let her get into your head.
Penny:My head, what about yours?
Leonard:It’s too late for me. My head is her summer house.
Penny:She was right, you know. The locus of my identity is totally exterior to me.
Leonard:Oh, yeah, there she is. Hi, Mom.
Penny:I mean, do you know where I was all morning? Auditioning with 50 other blondes for some stupid antidepressant commercial. And for what? So I’ll finally get my daddy’s approval?
Leonard:Did you get the part?
Penny:No, they said I was too perky.
Leonard:Hey, you want to talk about not getting love from a parent. You know what I used to do when I was little to have some sensation of human contact?
Penny:Yeah, you grabbed your penis and wouldn’t let go. Your mother told me.
Leonard:Of course she did. Anyway, that’s not what I was gonna say. When I was ten years old, I built a hugging machine.
Penny:A hugging machine?
Leonard:Yeah. I got a dressmaker’s mannequin, I stuffed it with an electric blanket so it would be warm, and built two radio-controlled arms that would hug me and pat my back.
Penny:Oh, that is so sad.
Leonard:You know what the saddest part was?
Penny:What?
Leonard:My father used to borrow it.
OTHER:Your scan data will be very elpful to my research. You have a remarkable brain.
Sheldon:I know. Although I’ve always hated how my right frontal lobe looks in pictures.
OTHER:Common complaint among men. Nothing’s ever big enough, except when they get a tumour. Then you never hear the end of it.
Sheldon:I’d love to see a scan of your brain sometime.
OTHER:Oh, I’ll send you a link, but its physiology is fairly unimpressive.
Sheldon:Oh, I can’t believe that.
OTHER:Your unwillingness to accept empirical evidence suggests an attempt at flattery.
Sheldon:My apologies. I’ve been living with your son too long. Gotten into some bad habits.
OTHER:Understandable.
Sheldon:Can I make you a cup of tea?
OTHER:I doubt it, but if anyone has a chance, it’s probably you.
Sheldon:I feel very comfortable around you.
OTHER:I feel very comfortable around you, too.
Sheldon:It’s surprising because I generally don’t feel comfortable around, well, anyone.
OTHER:Nor I.
Sheldon:What are the odds that two individuals as unique as ourselves would be connected by someone as comparatively workaday as your son?
OTHER:Is that a rhetorical point or would you like to do the math?
Sheldon:I’d like to do the math.
OTHER:I’d like that, too.
Penny:Okay, now this time…
Leonard:Uh-huh.
Penny:You’re gonna lick the salt off my neck, do the shot, and then bite the lime.
Leonard:I’m sorry, I didn’t hear anything after lick.
Penny:Neck, shot, lime.  Okay, shot, lime.
Leonard:Right. Ah! Where’s the lime?  Oh, okay, we’re sharing.
Sheldon:So, what do you think?
OTHER:I’m very tempted. I’m just not sure it’s appropriate with my son’s roommate.
Sheldon:Normally, I’d feel the same way. But based on everything I’ve observed about us, I can’t help but speculate we’d be very good together.
OTHER:True. I’ve had a similar observation. It’s certainly something I could never do with my husband.
Sheldon:I was hesitant the first time I tried it, but I experienced an unanticipated and remarkable release of endorphins. It’s quite satisfying.
OTHER:I see what you’re doing. You’re appealing to the neuroscientific researcher in me.
Sheldon:You see right through me, don’t you?
OTHER:Only when you’re in a CAT scanner.
Leonard:This is actually gonna happen.
Penny:Honey, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush.
Leonard:You shush, I’m happy, I want to talk about it. You know what my mother would say about this? She would say because you were not loved by your father and I was not loved by my mother, that having sex is our way of making up for the intimacy we didn’t get as children.
Penny:Why would you bring that up right now?
Leonard:I don’t know. Foreplay?
Penny:So you’re saying you’re not having sex with me, you’re having sex with your mother?
Leonard:Ummm, I’m gonna go with “no.”
Penny:That is the sickest thing I’ve ever heard.
Leonard:Come on, you’re trying to have sex with your father, and I’m okay with that.
Penny:Get out!
Leonard:She said shush. I should have shushed.
Leonard:All right, Mother. Um, have a nice flight.
OTHER:That’s not really in my control, is it? Oh, uh, yes
Penny :Oh, good morning.
Leonard:Morning.
Penny:Look, I was just coming over to talk to you.
Leonard:You don’t have to. Ever.
Penny:Gotcha.
Leonard:Good-bye, Mother.
OTHER:Good-bye, Leonard. So, Slugger, shall we pick up where we left off last time?
Penny :I mean, my mom could’ve just said, “Bob, get over it, she’s a girl, move on.” But she didn’t. Not one word.
OTHER:Interesting. Would you be willing to fly to New Jersey and discuss your relationship with your parents during a brain scan?
Penny:Would it help?
OTHER:Well, it would help me.
Howard:That was close.
Raj:God, I love the smell of paintballs in the morning.
Howard:Yeah, still funny, Raj.
Leonard:There’s no way we can get to the ridge. The Chemistry Department has us completely cut off.
Howard:But what about the creek bed?
Sheldon:The Pharmacology Department controls that, and they’re all hopped up on experimental steroids.
Raj:Well, that’s it then, we’re doomed.
Sheldon:I think the time has come to acknowledge that we are paying the price for some of us failing to attend my Physics Department paintball strategy meeting.
Howard:I told you my mom has spider veins, I had to take her to the laser clinic.
Sheldon:And I told you I wanted to see a doctor’s note.
Raj:We need a plan. How about Operation Hammer of the Gods?
Leonard:I forget. Which one is Hammer of the Gods?
Raj:We hide behind the Dumpsters in the parking lot and ambush people when they come to pee.
Howard:No go. The Dumpsters are deep in Astronomy Department territory.
Leonard:No, that shouldn’t be a problem, Venus is up during the day. They’re probably just all staring at the sky.
Sheldon:All right, what we need now is a tactical retreat. Did you see the episode of Stargate where they found themselves on a planet with a culture based loosely on Earth’s Athens and Sparta? Not important. Leonard, Raj and I are going to burst out the door and run away, Howard will cover us.
Howard:Why don’t I run away and you cover me?
Sheldon:Because you chose your mother’s veins over victory. On three. One, two, three, go!
Howard:I had to take her! It’s almost bathing suit weather!
OTHER:Howard, I’m on your team.
Howard:Oh, Leslie, thank God.
OTHER:Where’s the rest of your squad?
Howard:Ah, they left me here to die. What about yours?
OTHER:Dead, all of them.
Howard:Sorry.
OTHER:Don’t be. It was friendly fire. They just wouldn’t listen.
Howard:Well, we’re surrounded, so I guess there’s nothing for us to do but wait to be captured or killed.
OTHER:Hmm, that’s the worst part, the waiting.
Howard:All the while knowing that there’s a paint pellet out there with your name on it.
OTHER:Yeah, the big wet ball of death. Kind of makes you feel more alive, doesn’t it?
Howard:It kind of does.
OTHER:I say we make every moment count.
Howard:I agree. How exactly do we do that?
Leonard :Howard, why aren’t you covering us? We’re getting slaughtered out here!
Howard:War is hell.
Raj:Did you guys see the new budget memo that went out this morning?
Leonard:Yeah, more cutbacks.
Sheldon:Unacceptable. It baffles me why they don’t simply let some of you go so that there’s money available for my research.
Leonard:You know what baffles me, Sheldon?
Sheldon:Based on your academic record, any number of things, I would imagine.
OTHER:Hey, guys.
Leonard:Hey, Leslie.
Howard:Hey.
OTHER:Howard, I got the approval for the rapid prototyper you wanted.
Howard:That’s great, Leslie. Thanks.
OTHER:You scratch my back, I scratch yours. Rawr.
Raj:What was all that about?
Howard:Oh, uh, no big deal. They gave Leslie control of some unrestricted grant money.
Leonard:Yeah, okay, but what’s with the back-scratching and the meow!
Sheldon:I believe the back-scratching metaphor generally describes a quid pro quo situation where one party provides goods or services to the second party in compensation for a similar action.
Leonard:Thank you.
Sheldon:The mrow, that sounded to me like an African civet cat.
Leonard:Are you done?
Sheldon:No. Despite what the name suggests, the civet cat is not a true cat. Now I’m done.
Raj:You know what I’m thinking? I’m thinking Howard wasn’t making a back-scratching metaphor. I’m thinking there was some actual scratching involved.
Leonard:What about it, Howard?
Howard:Okay, I didn’t want to say anything ’cause I know you and Leslie have a little history.
Leonard:I don’t care about that.
Howard:Great, ’cause I’ve been dying to say something.
Leonard:You and Leslie?
Howard:In the paintball shed! Twice!
Sheldon:Is that why you didn’t cover our escape and let us get cut down like animals?
Howard:Oh, yeah, sorry about that.
Sheldon:My good man, dereliction of duty in the face of the enemy is a court-martial offense.
Howard:Court-martial, schmort-martial, Leslie Winkle is the fifth girl I’ve ever had sex with. I mean, for free.
Raj:And plus, you got a rapid prototyper. That’s an expensive piece of equipment, dude.
Leonard:And the rest of us have had our budgets cut to the bone.
Howard:Okay, one way to look at this is that I’m getting new equipment, and you’re not, and that’s unfair. But a better way to look at this is that I’m getting sex and you’re not, and that’s delightful.
Penny:The whole thing froze. I don’t know what happened.
Leonard:Calm down. We’ll figure it out.
Penny:How can I calm down? I’m gonna lose my whole shopping cart. That’s three hours of picking out shoes just shot to hell.
Sheldon:Hello, Penny.
Penny:Hello, Sheldon.
Sheldon:You’re in my spot.
Penny:Are you planning on sitting here?
Sheldon:No, I’m going to the comic book store.
Penny:Then what difference does it make?
Sheldon:What difference does it make?
Leonard:Here we go.
Sheldon:That is my spot. In an ever-changing world, it is a single point of consistency. If my life were expressed as a function on a four-dimensional Cartesian coordinate system, that spot at the moment I first sat on it would be zero-zero-zero-zero.
Penny:What?
Leonard:Don’t sit in his spot.
Penny:Fine.  Happy?
Sheldon:I’m not unhappy.
Penny:Boy, I love him, but he is one serious wackadoodle.
Leonard:Okay, that should do it.
Penny:Oh, thank you. You are a lifesaver.
Leonard:That’s a lot of shoes you ordered.
Penny:Yeah, you know the sad thing is, it’s really not. Ooh, is this one of those paintball guns?
Leonard:Yeah. You ought to come out with us sometime.
Penny:Oh, no, thanks. I’m from Nebraska. When we shoot things, it’s because we want to eat them or make them leave our boyfriends alone.
OTHER:Boy, your heart’s racing. I must’ve really gotten you going.
Howard:Well, it’s partly you, partly my transient idiopathic arrhythmia.
OTHER:Sexy.
Howard:Can I assume that you likewise found the experience…
OTHER:Satisfactory?
Howard:That wasn’t quite the word I was looking for, but sure, I’ll do this pass-fail.
OTHER:Hey, are you enjoying that prototyper I got you?
Howard:Oh, it’s great. Everybody in the Engineering Department is eating their hearts out.
OTHER:Isn’t it nice when your good fortune makes others miserable?
Howard:You know, most people don’t get that.
OTHER:Howard, I’m home!
Howard:Oh, great.
OTHER:Book club was cancelled! That thing on Phyllis’s neck opened up again!
Howard:I’m busy, Ma!
OTHER:Too busy to help your mother with her zipper?
Howard:Don’t come in, Ma!
OTHER:Why not?
OTHER:He’s got company!
Howard:Oh, there’s the arrhythmia.
OTHER:Is she Jewish?
Howard:Are you Jewish?
OTHER:No.
Howard:Yes!
OTHER:Okay, then you kids have fun! Use protection!
Penny:You think he’ll notice?
Leonard:There’s a chance.
Penny:Oh, what are we gonna do?
Leonard:We? No, no, no, you had your chance to be we for, like, a year and a half now. Right now, you are you, and you are screwed.
Penny:Why do we have to tell him I did it?
Leonard:Well, we’re not gonna tell him I did it.
Penny:Okay, okay, how about this? We tell him somebody broke in.
Leonard:Just to shoot the couch with a paintball gun?
Penny:I’m sorry, I buy it. All those people are on drugs.
Leonard:We could tell him they wanted the couch to stay away from their boyfriend.
Penny:Okay, fine. Well, what if we just flip it over? There. Looks fine, right?
Leonard:Mm, butt print. There’s no discernible butt print.
Penny:Oh, come on.  There, butt print.
Leonard:It’s too small and too perfect.
Penny:Thank you.
Leonard:You’re welcome.
Penny :Shh! Act normal.
Leonard:Sheldon! How was the comic book store?
Sheldon:Fine. The new issue of Flash is out.
Leonard:Great, great. Did you walk the whole way? It’s a little chilly.
Sheldon:Koothrappali picked me up.
Leonard:Isn’t that terrific? He is such a good friend. You know what the best thing about friends is?
Sheldon:They don’t talk incessantly for no particular reason.
Leonard:No, no, friends forgive the little things.
Penny:You know, I gotta go home and wash my hair.
Leonard:Don’t you dare, missy.
Sheldon:Hello, fastest man alive. Want to see me read your entire comic book? Want to see it again? Something’s wrong.
Leonard:What do you mean?
Sheldon:I’m not sure. It doesn’t feel right.
Leonard:I don’t know what you’re talking about. Oh, that. Penny did that.
Leonard:Why don’t you just eat in your desk chair?
Sheldon:Why don’t I just eat in my desk chair?
Penny:Here we go.
Sheldon:That is my desk chair, that is where I work. I don’t eat in my desk chair and I don’t work in my spot. I work in my desk chair and eat in my spot.
Leonard:Wackadoodle.
Howard:You know, there’s kind of an obvious solution here.  Nobody cares where you’re going to sit. You’re not crazy.
Sheldon:Excuse me, but the problem is not solved. If your head had been accidentally amputated, and we transplanted a dog’s head in its place, would that be “problem solved”?
Leonard:If it were your head, it would be.
Penny:Sheldon, I am really, really sorry, but it’s only for a week. Can’t you be a little bit flexible? Yeah, sorry. I didn’t really think that through.
Sheldon:You claim it’s going to be a week, but I have no faith in your dry cleaner.
Penny:Why not?
Sheldon:Did you notice the sign on his counter? He’s not a full-time dry cleaner. He also makes keys.
Leonard:Oh, for God’s sake, Sheldon.
Sheldon:Focus is important. Was Michael DeBakey a wedding planner in between heart transplants? Did Alexander Fleming moonlight as a hairdresser? “Thanks for discovering penicillin, now how about we try a bouffant?”
Howard :Ooh, looks like I’m gonna have sex tonight. Hey, baby…
Penny:His right hand is calling him?
Leonard:No, it’s Leslie Winkle. It’s a long story.
Howard:I’ll pick you up in ten minutes. Gentlemen, adieu.
Leonard:I thought we were going to play Halo tonight.
Howard:What am I supposed to do, Leonard? There’s a woman out there anxious to have sex with me. You understand, right?
Penny:No. Not at all.
Howard:Nevertheless, I must depart. By the way, did I tell you? Leslie pulled some strings and got me on the research trip to Geneva to check out the CERN Supercollider.
Leonard:That’s not fair. You’re not even a physicist.
Howard:Okay, there are two ways of looking at this…
Leonard:Get out.
Howard:Bye.
OTHER:You’re improving.
Howard:Thank you. It helps when I get to practice with a real woman.
OTHER:Hey, listen. Saturday my sister’s getting married. I.. I want you to come with me. It’s black tie.
Howard:Yeah, gee, I’d really rather not.
OTHER:Why not?
Howard:When I go to weddings, it’s to scam on chunky bridesmaids. I don’t know what I would do with a date.
OTHER:Oh, all right. I understand.
Howard:Thanks.
OTHER:Hey, I’m really sorry about that Geneva trip.
Howard:What about it?
OTHER:Oh, didn’t you hear? I had to reduce the number of people going, and you didn’t make the cut.
Howard:When did that happen?
OTHER:About 12 seconds ago.
Howard:Well, hold on. Are you saying if I don’t go to the wedding, I can’t go to Geneva?
OTHER:Actually, I’m trying not to say it.
Howard:Okay, I’m sorry, but that makes me a little uncomfortable.
OTHER:How so?
Howard:Because it’s like you’re controlling me with new equipment and research trips.
OTHER:Well, if I weren’t controlling you with new equipment and research trips, then I’d be uncomfortable.
Howard:How so?
OTHER:‘Cause then we’d be in, like, a real relationship with feelings and all that crap.
Howard:So, bottom line, I’m just a bought-and-paid-for sex toy.
OTHER:No. No, not at all. You’re also arm candy. So? What do you think?
Howard:Hey, Ma, you got to rent me a tux!
OTHER:Right now? What kind of sex are you having up there?
Leonard:Why are you crouching there?
Sheldon:This is my spot. Where else am I supposed to crouch?
Leonard:I don’t know. Texas?
Penny :Here you go. Fresh from the cleaners, good as new.
Leonard:Really? Great. Sheldon, look. Good as new.
Sheldon:From that key maker, I highly doubt it.
Penny:Come on, Sheldon. Just give it a try.
Sheldon:All right.
Penny:There, nice and comfy cosy. Zero, zero, zero.
Sheldon:There’s one more zero. You forgot the time parameter.
Penny:Sit on the damn couch.
Sheldon:Nope.
Penny:What do you mean, nope? What’s wrong with it?
Leonard:Nothing, it’s what’s wrong with him.
Penny:It’s exactly the same…
Leonard:Penny, Penny, I think I know what to do. Sheldon, I have some bad news.
Sheldon:More?
Leonard:I’m afraid so. You know the cashew chicken I get you Monday nights?
Sheldon:Yes. From Szechuan Palace.
Leonard:Szechuan Palace closed two years ago.
Sheldon:What? Wh-Where did my cashew chicken come from?
Leonard:Golden Dragon.
Sheldon:No. No, this isn’t right. Our food always comes in Szechuan Palace containers.
Leonard:Yeah, well, before they went out of business, I bought 4,000 containers. I keep them in the trunk of my car.
Sheldon:But. Oh, this changes everything.
Leonard:I thought that might take his mind off the cushion.
Sheldon:What’s real? What isn’t? How can I know?
Penny:You did make that up, right?
Leonard:Oh, God, I wish I had.
Sheldon:Leonard?
Leonard:Yeah, buddy?
Sheldon:I still don’t like this cushion.
Leonard:Okay, first of all, Penny, thank you for coming.
Penny:Thanks for the shoes.
Leonard:Penny is an amazing shot. I think we have a real chance to win this week.
Howard:What’s the plan?
Leonard:Okay. Now, we all run out. Sheldon and I will cut to the left behind these trees. Raj, Howard and Leslie flank to the right behind the rocks. Then we’ll all have a great view as Penny runs out and kills everyone else in sight.
Sheldon:Right, just one thing before we start.
Leonard:What is it, Sheldon?
Penny:What the hell?
Sheldon:That was for my cushion.
Leonard:Sheldon, Penny was our only hope.
Sheldon:I’m sorry, Leonard. But revenge is a dish best served cold.
Penny:Screw that.
Sheldon:She can’t shoot me. She’s dead.
Leonard:He’s right. You can’t.
Sheldon:Well, if we’re going to descend into anarchy
Howard:Okay, see you.
Leonard:Where are you going?
OTHER:Surrender, then Denny’s.
Howard:Okay, Raj, hand me the number six torque screwdriver.
Sheldon:Stop. We can’t do this, it’s not right.
Raj:Sheldon, you have two choices. Either you let him put a bigger hard drive in the TiVo, or you delete stuff before we go out of town.
Sheldon:But once you open the box, you’ve voided the warranty. The warranty is a sacred covenant we’ve entered into with the manufacturer. He offers to stand by his equipment, and we in return agree not to violate the integrity of the internal hardware. This little orange sticker is all that stands between us and anarchy.
Leonard:Okay, then we won’t touch the hard drive. We’ll just erase the first season of Battlestar.
Sheldon :There. We’re outlaws.
Penny :Here you go, Leonard. Is this going to be big enough?
Leonard:It’s perfect.
Howard:For taking daffodils to your unicorn.
Leonard:It’s just for my notebooks. Thanks, Penny.
Penny:Oh, I love San Francisco. I wish I was going with you.
Sheldon:I understand your envy. This is a can’t-miss symposium. There are going to be discussions on bioorganic cellular computer devices, the advancements in multi-threaded task completion, plus a roundtable on the nonequilibrium Green’s function approach to the photoionization process in atoms.
Penny:When I go, I usually just get hammered and ride the cable cars.
Leonard:This conference is kind of a big thing. The keynote address is being delivered by George Smoot.
Penny:Oh, my God, the George Smoot?
Leonard:You’ve heard of him?
Penny:Of course I haven’t.
Sheldon:George Smoot is a Nobel Prize-winning physicist, one of the great minds of our time. His work in black body form and anisotropy of the cosmic microwave background radiation cemented our understanding of the origin of the universe.
Penny:It’s kind of a funny name, though, Smoot.
Sheldon:It’s like talking to a chimp.
Penny:Okay, now that I’ve been completely insulted, have a good flight.
Leonard:Yeah, I wish.
Sheldon:We’re not flying, we’re taking the train.
Penny:Oh, cool.
Howard:Yeah, cool. Seven times as long as flying, and costs almost twice as much.
Penny:Well, then why are you doing it?
Leonard:Well, we had a vote. Three of us voted for airplane, Sheldon voted for train, so we’re taking the train.
Sheldon:Don’t say it like that, Leonard, say it like
Leonard:Hey, we’re all going over to the Apple store to make fun of the guys at the Genius Bar. You want to come?
Sheldon:Oh, I always enjoy that, but I’m a little busy.
Leonard:What are you doing?
Sheldon:I’m simplifying the task of packing for our trip. See, by attaching RFID tags to my clothing, it will enable my laptop to read and identify the items with this wand. I will then cross-reference them against destination, anticipated activity spectrum, weather conditions, duration of trip, et cetera.
Leonard:Well, that does sound much simpler. How long is this going to take?
Sheldon:Assuming I can keep up this pace, three hours, 11 minutes, and plus however long it takes to conclude this fairly pointless conversation.
Leonard:Wow. Teasing the guys at the Apple store seems a little redundant now.
Sheldon:I don’t follow.
Leonard:I wouldn’t expect you to. I’ll see you later.
Sheldon:Socks, one pair, cotton, argyle, blue. Socks, one pair, cotton, argyle, blue.
Sheldon:What on earth are you doing?
Raj:Whatever it is, I’m guessing we’re doing it wrong.
Sheldon:Gentlemen, this is the Coast Starlight, one of the great American trains operating on one of the classic American routes. On this side, you’ll see panoramic ocean vistas inaccessible to any other form of transportation, while on your side, you’ll be treated to 350 miles of CostCos, Jiffy Lubes, and cinderblock homes with above-ground pools.
Howard:Come on, Raj.
Raj:What’s wrong with Jiffy Lubes?
Sheldon:No.
Leonard:Why not?
Sheldon:That’s over the wheelbase. Are you completely unfamiliar with the suspension characteristics of a pre-1980 Pullman-built Superliner Deluxe passenger coach?
Leonard:Sheldon, we’ve been on this train 90 seconds, and you’ve already said a thousand words. Just tell us where to sit and shut up.
Sheldon:Here. I’m hoping once you reap the endorphic rewards of the steady clickety-clack of steel wheels on polished rails, your sour disposition will abate.
Leonard:Yeah, maybe. Meanwhile back in the 21st century, people are raising their tray tables and putting their seat-backs in an upright position ’cause it’s time to land in San Francisco.
Raj:It’s not so bad, really. At least these trains have modern plumbing. In India, you squat over a hole in the train and expose your naked buttocks to the chilly air of Rajasthan.
Sheldon:He is referring, of course, to third class on Indian Railways’ magnificent Ranakpur Express and its twelve hundred kilometer journey from Maharashtra to the Bikaner Junction.
Leonard:Oh, look, now he’s boring on an international scale.
Raj:Holy crap! Look!
Leonard:Is that who I think it is?
Howard:It can’t be. What would Summer Glau be doing riding the train?
Leonard:Maybe John Connor’s aboard and she’s protecting him from an evil Terminator.
Sheldon:Unlikely. That’s a television show, Leonard.
Leonard:Thank you.
Sheldon:Of course, if SkyNet actually did exist in the future, a perfect way to infiltrate and destroy mankind would be to send Terminators back posing as actors who have played Terminators in popular films and television series, lulling us into a false sense of security, i.e., that’s Summer Glau from The Sarah Connor Chronicles. No, Summer, don’t kill me! I’m pro-robot! Ahh!
Leonard:At least he’s off the train crap.
Sheldon:Whee!
Howard:Sheldon, I owe you an apology. Taking the train was a stroke of brilliance! I’ve actually got a shot at a Terminator.
Raj:Oh, please.When it comes to Terminators, you’ve got a better shot of scoring with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Howard:You’re overlooking something. I have 11 hours with her in a confined space. Unless she’s willing to jump off a moving train, tuck and roll down the side of a hill, she will eventually succumb to the acquired taste that is Howard Wolowitz.
Leonard:My money’s on tuck and roll.
Sheldon:I’m confused. I thought you were involved in some sort of socially intimate pairing with Leslie Winkle.
Howard:Sheldon, let me explain to you how this works.
Sheldon:All right.
Howard:That’s Summer Glau.
Sheldon:Yes.
Howard:That’s it.
Raj:Hang on a sec. Why do you get first crack at her?
Howard:Um, well, let’s see, couple reasons. One, I saw her first.
Raj:No, you didn’t. I did.
Howard:Fair enough. But then let me move on to number two, unlike you, I can actually talk to women when I’m sober.
Raj:You fail to take into account that even mute, I am foreign and exotic, while you, on the other hand, are frail and pasty.
Howard:Well, you know the old saying, pasty and frail never fail.
Leonard:Excuse me, but what about me? Why don’t I get a shot?
Howard:Fine, go ahead. Take a shot.
Leonard:You know, I’ve already got a gorgeous blonde back home at I can’t score with. I think I’ll let you two take this one.
Raj:Sheldon, is there a place on this train to get alcohol?
Sheldon:Interesting that you ask. The Coast Starlight recently added the refurbished Pacific Parlour Car. Built in 1956 and originally known as the Santa Fe Lounge Car, the lower level is a theatre…
Raj:Yeah-yeah, which way?
Sheldon:and the upper level is a bar that offers wine tastings if you’re going as far as Portland.
Leonard:So aren’t you going to go talk to her?
Howard:I will, I’m just working on my opening line.
Leonard:She’s probably heard every possible line, Howard. Why don’t you just try hello?
Howard:No, no, no, that always creeps girls out. I need to come up with something that’s funny, smart and delicately suggests that my sexual endowment is disproportionate to my physical stature.
Leonard:You’re going to need more than 11 hours.
Sheldon:Oh, no.
Leonard:What’s the matter?
Sheldon:I forgot my flash drive.
Leonard:So?
Sheldon:So we have to go back.
Leonard:Okay, Sheldon, I’m going to say why and your answer cannot be because I forgot my flash drive.
Sheldon:You don’t understand. My flash drive has my paper on astrophysical probes of M-theory effects in the early universe that I was going to give to George Smoot at the conference.
Leonard:Why do you have to give your paper to George Smoot?
Sheldon:It’s brilliant. He needs to read it.
Leonard:So you’ll send him an e-mail when we get back.
Sheldon:Then I won’t get to see his face light up as he reads it.
Leonard:Right. Of course.
Sheldon:Oh, this is an unmitigated disaster.
Leonard:Well, there’s nothing you can do about it, so relax, sit back, enjoy the clickety-clack of the steel wheels on the polished rails.
Sheldon:You forgot your flash drive, You forgot your flash drive
Leonard:Only ten hours, 55 minutes to go.
Sheldon:Okay, I’ve found the perfect solution. We get off the train at the next stop in Oxnard. We then take the 1
Leonard:I’ve got a better idea.
Sheldon:Are you going to be sarcastic?
Leonard:Boy, you take all the fun out of it for me.  But look, Penny’s home. Why don’t we just call her, have her go in the apartment, get your flash drive and e-mail you the paper?
Sheldon:But the flash drive is in a locked drawer in my desk.
Leonard:So?
Sheldon:The key is hidden in my room.
Leonard:So?
Sheldon:Penny would have to go into my room.
Leonard:So?
Sheldon:People don’t go in my room!
Leonard:I see. Well, it seems once again, you’re caught between a rock and a crazy place.
Sheldon:Oh, I hate when that happens.
Howard :It’s hot in here. It must be Summer. It’s hot in here. Must be Summer. It’s hot in here. Must be Summer.
Raj :It’s hot in here. Must be Summer.
OTHER:That’s cute.
Raj:Really? I just made it up. Have you seen Slumdog Millionaire?
OTHER:Oh, yeah, I loved it.
Raj:It’s loosely based on my life.
Penny:Yeah, we’re putting the play on for one night in this little 99-seat theatre. Can you come? Oh, great. Do you know 98 other people that might want to come? Oh, hang on.  Hello?
Sheldon :Listen carefully. I’m about to give you a set of instructions, which you must follow to the letter.
Penny:Just a sec.  Hello?
Sheldon:Okay, step four. Do you see that small plastic case on my dresser?
Penny:Your dresser? Who is this?
Sheldon:It’s Sheldon.
Penny:Oh, hey, Sheldon! How is San Francisco?
Sheldon:I’m not in San Francisco. I’m on a train. Were you even listening to me?
Penny:Uh, no, I was talking to my friend, but what’s up?
Sheldon:What’s up? I’ll tell you what’s up. I’m in a crisis situation, and I need you to marshal your powers of concentration, limited as they may be…
Leonard:Give me the phone. Hi, Penny. It’s Leonard.
Penny:Hey, Leonard. What’s going on with Dr. Wackadoodle?
Leonard:He’s calling to ask you a favour. You might be confused because he didn’t use the words, Penny, Sheldon, please or favour.
Sheldon:Okay. Enough chitchat. Okay, step one, locate your emergency key to our apartment. Step two, enter our apartment. Step three, enter my bedroom.
Penny:Oh, hang on, Sheldon, getting another call.
Sheldon:No! Leonard, let me tell you something. Personal robots cannot get here soon enough.
Raj:And that bright little star peeking her head out early today, that’s Venus.
OTHER:That is so cool. You really know a lot about space.
Raj:Come on. When you were on TV in Firefly, you were actually in space.
OTHER:You’re not one of those guys who really believe that, are you?
Raj:You mean one of the hopeless geeks? No. Those are crazy people. Howard, be a dear and get me another one of these. Now, him, he’s one of those geeks.
Sheldon:All right, now, before you enter my bedroom unescorted, I need you to understand that this onetime grant of access does not create a permanent easement. Easement. It’s a legal right
Howard:Do you believe him? Normally around women, he has the personality of a boiled potato. Put one beer in him, and he’s M. Night Charmalarmalon.
Leonard:Is that what he’s drinking? It’s not even real beer.
Howard:What?
Leonard:Look at it. Non-alcoholic beer.
Howard:What’s going on?
Leonard:I don’t know. Some sort of placebo effect, I guess.
Howard:Placebo, you say. Interesting.
Sheldon:Yes, I’m still here. Where am I going? I’m on a train. Now, what you’ll be looking for is a small wooden box located between a Hoberman’s sphere and a sample of quartz flecked with pyrite. Hoberman’s Sphere. It’s a collapsible icosidodecahedron. No, the thing with the time on it is my alarm clock.
Raj:Actually, in India, the names of constellations are different. Where you have the Big Dipper, we have the Big Curry Pot.
OTHER:You’re making that up.
Raj:You got me. Now what are you going to do with me?
Howard:Raj.
Raj:Yes?
Howard:Look.
Raj:What am I looking at?
Howard:You tell me.
Raj:Non-alcoholic bee-ee-eeuh
Howard:Hi, I’m the small package good things come in.
Penny:Okay, I got a box, but there’s no key in here. Just letters.
Sheldon:That’s the wrong box. Put it back.
Penny:Oh, Sheldon, are these letters from your grandmother?
Sheldon:Don’t read those letters!
Penny:Oh, look, she calls you Moon Pie. That is so cute.
Sheldon:Put down the letters!
Leonard:Hey, Penny. It’s Leonard.
Penny:Hey, Leonard. How’s the train ride?
Leonard:Delightful. Listen, I don’t know what you’re doing right now, but there are little bubbles forming on the corners of Sheldon’s mouth.
Penny:Okay, yeah, I kind of crossed a line. Put him back on.
Leonard:Thank you.
Sheldon:I’m back.
Penny:What up, Moon Pie?
Sheldon:Nobody calls me Moon Pie but Meemaw!
Leonard:Hey, Penny. Leonard again.
Howard:So anyway, in the dream, you and I were ice skating, just the two of us. And then, I picked you up by your ankles and twirled you round and round until your legs tore off. I tried to stick them back on, but before I could, you turned into a giant loaf of pumpernickel bread. What do you think that means?
OTHER:I really don’t know.
Howard:I’ll give you a little clue. My favourite sandwich? Salami on pumpernickel.
OTHER:Is that so?
Howard:And did you know the word “pumpernickel” comes from the German words pumper and nickel, which loosely translates to fart goblin?
OTHER:No. I didn’t.
Penny:Okay, I found the box. Now what?
Sheldon:You’re holding a Japanese puzzle box, which takes ten precise moves to open. First, locate the panel with the diamond pattern and slide the centre portion one millimetre to the left. Then, on the opposite end of the box, slide the entire panel down two millimetres. You’ll hear a slight click.
Penny:Hang on. Sheldon, do you have any emotional attachment to this box?
Sheldon:No, it’s a novelty I ordered off the Internet. Now, did you hear the click?
Penny:Not yet. There it is.
Howard:Okay, here’s another one. If you married the famous rock guitarist Johnny Winter, you’d be Summer Winter.
OTHER:Uh-huh.
Howard:Okay, I’m going to just go for broke here and say I like you.
OTHER:Yeah?
Howard:So here’s my question, do you realistically see any conversational path that would take me from where we are right now to a place where I could ask you out and you’d say yes?
OTHER:No.
Howard:Fair enough. I’ll leave you in peace.
OTHER:Thank you.
Howard:But before I go, would you mind if I just take one picture of us together for my Facebook page?
OTHER:Sure.
Howard:Okay. Great. Now, can I take one where it looks like we’re making out?
Sheldon:Okay, now you’re going to insert the flash drive into the USB port. She calls me Moon Pie because I’m nummy-nummy and she could just eat me up, now, please put the flash drive in the USB port. The one that looks like a little duck’s mouth.
Leonard:Hey, how’d it go?
Howard:Terminator broke my phone.
Leonard:Excuse me.  Okay, I’ll be honest with you. I’ve just spent the last two hours imagining various scenarios in my head, trying to come up with some clever line to say to you. But then I finally realized you’re a human being; I’m a human being. I could just say to you…
OTHER:Next stop
OTHER:I’m sorry. This is me.
Leonard:Hi, my name’s Leonard.
Sheldon:So, I’m thinking, you won the Nobel Prize what, three years ago? So you must deal with a whole lot of what has Smoot done lately? My thought is we continue my research as a team, you know, Cooper-Smoot, alphabetical, and when we win the Nobel Prize, you’ll be back on top.
OTHER:With all due respect, Dr. Cooper, are you on crack?
Sheldon:Fine! Smoot-Cooper. Wow, what a diva.
Raj:Knight to queen’s bishop-five.
Howard:Oh, very nice. What’s Leonard going to do? Does he give up the pawn or does he give up the position?
Raj:Let’s find out. Leonard, ready?
Leonard:Ready.
Raj:Go.
Leonard:Damn it. I slipped.
Howard:Too bad. You know the rules of Secret Agent Laser Obstacle Chess. Uh, Leonard died again, Sheldon. You’re up.
Sheldon:Despite my deep love of chess, lasers and aerosol disinfectant, I must forfeit.
Leonard:Why?
Sheldon:– Because it’s almost eleven o’clock.
Leonard:So?
Sheldon:So, Penny has a don’t knock on my door before eleven o’clock  or I punch you in the throat rule.
OTHER:Ah.
Howard:Hey, you know what’d be a great idea? We get some girls over here and play Laser Obstacle Strip Chess.
Leonard:Believe me, Howard, any girl who would be willing to play that, you don’t want to see naked.
Howard:You underestimate me.
Sheldon:Penny.
Penny:Hey, Sheldon.
Sheldon:It’s eleven am.
Penny:I know. You’re safe.
Sheldon:This package came while you were at work.
Penny:Oh, great, my rhinestones. Thank you.
Sheldon:Excuse me.
Penny:What?
Sheldon:You have to sign this.
Penny:What is it?
Sheldon:When I signed for the package, I was deputized by the United Parcel Service and entrusted with its final delivery. I now need you to acknowledge receipt of the package so that I’m fully indemnified and no longer liable.
Penny:Sheldon, it’s just a box of rhinestones.
Sheldon:Well, the contents are irrelevant. A legal bailment has been created. Does that mean nothing to you?
Penny:It means nothing to anybody. Come here, let me show you what I’m doing.
Sheldon:Bailment describes a relationship in common law where a physical possession of personal property, or chattels, is transferred from one person, the bailor, to another person, the bailee.
Penny:Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Look, look, look! I started a business.
Sheldon:Obviously, not a cleaning business.
Penny:No, I’m making flower barrettes. See? I call them Penny Blossoms. I made one for myself, then all the girls at work wanted one. Then I showed some to this lady who runs a shop in Old Town. She sells cards and homemade jewellery. She said she wanted to sell them. I said okay, and in one week, I made a $156.
Sheldon:Good for you. Sign here.
Penny:Sheldon, don’t you get it? If this takes off, I won’t have to be a waitress anymore.
Sheldon:But then who will bring me my cheeseburger on Tuesday nights?
Penny:Another waitress.
Sheldon:What’s her name?
Penny:I don’t know.
Sheldon:And you’re going to let her handle my food?
Penny:Nancy. Her name is Nancy.
Sheldon:I think you’re just making that up.
Penny:Sheldon, I’m sorry about your hamburger, okay? I just don’t want to be a waitress for the rest of my life.
Leonard:Cheeseburger. I get a cheeseburger.
Penny:Fine, cheeseburger.
Sheldon:Maybe I’d be better off with Nancy.
Penny:So, what do you think? I mean, this could be a business, right?
Sheldon:How many of these can you make a day?
Penny:About twenty.
Sheldon:And how much profit do you make per Penny Blossom?
Penny:I don’t know, like, 50 cents. I’m not sure.
Sheldon:No, Of course you’re not. All right, ten dollars a day times five days a week times 52 weeks a year is two thousand six hundred dollars.
Penny:That’s all?
Sheldon:Before taxes.
Penny:Well, I don’t have to pay taxes on this stuff.
Sheldon:I believe the Internal Revenue Service would strongly disagree. But, if you took advantage of modern marketing techniques, and you optimized your manufacturing process, you might be able to make this a viable business.
Penny:And you know about that stuff?
Sheldon:Penny, I’m a physicist. I have a working knowledge of the entire universe and everything it contains.
Penny:Who’s Radiohead?
Sheldon:I have a working knowledge of the important things in the universe. Good luck.
Penny:Sheldon, hold on. Could you maybe show me how to make more money with this?
Sheldon:Of course I could.
Penny:Sheldon, wait! Will you?
Sheldon:Just to be clear here, you’re asking for my assistance.
Penny:Yes.
Sheldon:And you understand that will involve me telling you what to do?
Penny:I understand.
Sheldon:And you’re not allowed to be sarcastic or snide to me while I’m doing so.
Penny:Okay.
Sheldon:Good. Let’s begin with the premise that everything you’ve done up to this point is wrong.
Penny:Oh, imagine that.
Sheldon:Sarcasm. Good-bye.
Penny:No, sorry. Wait! Please come back!
Penny:There. Done.
Sheldon:All right. 12 minutes and 17 seconds.
Penny:Pretty good, right?
Sheldon:That’s 4.9 Penny Blossoms per hour. Based on your cost of materials and your wholesale selling price, you’ll effectively be paying yourself… $5.19 a day.
Penny:A day?
Sheldon:There are children in a sneaker factory in Indonesia who outearn you.
Penny:That just can’t be right.
Sheldon:You’re questioning my math?
Penny:No, sorry.
Sheldon:Want me to show my work?
Penny:Oh, God, no, no. Just please tell me what to do about it.
Sheldon:All right, are you familiar with the development that resulted from Honoré Blanc’s 1778 use of interchangeable parts? The assembly line, of course.
Penny:Okay, you know what, if I’m not allowed to be snide, you’re not allowed to be condescending.
Sheldon:That wasn’t a part of our original agreement, and I do not agree to it now.
Penny:All right, fine. How are we supposed to set up machines and conveyor belts in my apartment?
Sheldon:You’re thinking of the moving assembly line, an understandable but not excusable mistake. No. The moving assembly line, that was introduced by Henry Ford in 1908. That innovation is what made possible our modern consumer culture by enabling a low-unit cost for manufactured goods. I guess that isn’t one of the topics discussed on your Radiohead.
Leonard:Let’s go. We’re going to miss the coming attractions.
Raj:What’s the matter?
Howard:I think I bruised a testicle capturing that last pawn.
Leonard:Hello?
OTHER:Hello.
Leonard:W-W-Wait, what’s going on?
Sheldon:I assume you’re referring to the sea shanty. It’s a rhythmic work song designed to increase productivity.
Penny:Yeah, it’s crazy, but it totally works. Look, we made this Penny Blossom in under three minutes.
Leonard:Terrific, but that kind of raises more questions than it answers.
Sheldon:Penny’s making hair accessories. I’m helping her optimize her manufacturing process. All right, break’s over.
Howard:Hold on. What are you using as a bonding agent?
Sheldon:Hot glue.
Howard:You’re kidding. Any of the cyanoacrylates would do a better job.
Sheldon:It won’t work, the flower’s too porous.
Leonard:What if we infused the bottom layer with silicone-RTV to provide a better mounting surface?
Sheldon:Intriguing.
Howard :Good question, what are you marketing and distribution channels?
Penny:Well, there are the waitresses at my work, and this cute, little shop in Old Town.
Sheldon:Hush, hush, hush, hush, hush, virtually non-existent. I’m thinking that we set her up with a hosted turnkey e-commerce system to start.
Howard:Why not eliminate the middle man? We could install a small server farm with a static IP in her bedroom.
Leonard:She’d need some kind of industrial cooling system.
Sheldon:Of course, but before we set up a marketing and distribution infrastructure, we should finish optimizing the manufacturing process. To start with, she has a terrible problem with moisture-induced glitter clump.
Penny:Yeah, it’s a bitch.
Howard:Uh, I’ve seen this before.
Leonard:Where?
Howard:It’s a common stripper problem. They dance, they sweat, they clump.
Penny:Ew.
Leonard:Are you thinking about adding a desiccant like calcium sulphate?
Howard:Actually, I’m thinking about this one stripper named Vega. But sure, calcium sulphate could work.
Sheldon:Let’s think out of the box for a moment. How about a molecular sieve?
OTHER:Oh!
Penny:I’ve got a spaghetti strainer in the kitchen.
Sheldon:Wow.
Leonard:Hey, we could liberate some micro-porous charcoal from the chem lab.
Sheldon:Oh, great. Raj, why don’t you and Howard go get the charcoal? Leonard, why don’t you start working on some preliminary Web site designs. I’ll make some space in our apartment so we can move the manufacturing process.
Penny:Well, what’s wrong with my apartment?
Sheldon:It’s not my apartment.
Penny:Wait, wait, what am I going to do?
Leonard:Uh, hey, it’s your business. Do whatever you want.
Penny:Oh, okay, cool. I’m going to take a nap.
Leonard:I’m still tweaking things a little bit, but this will give you the general idea of the Web site. So, what do you guys think?
Howard :Uh, pretty much any way I say that is going to hurt his feelings.
Leonard:Okay, what’s wrong with it?
Sheldon:– What’s wrong with it?
Leonard:Not you. I wasn’t asking you. Penny?
Penny:Uh, well, it’s a little juvenile. I mean, it kind of looks like the MySpace page of a 13-year-old girl.
Leonard:No, it doesn’t.
Howard:Please. Dateline could use it to attract predators.
Sheldon:Penny, this is your enterprise, so it’s ultimately your decision, but based on the quality of his work, I’d strongly recommend that we let Leonard go.
Leonard:You want to fire me?
Sheldon:What I want is irrelevant. This is Penny’s decision. Penny?
Leonard:Excuse me, but if I did such a bad job then why do we already have orders?
Penny:We do?
Leonard:Uh-huh. Look. Mrs. Fiona Fondell from Huntsville, Alabama has ordered two.
Penny:No kidding. Two?
Leonard:Uh-huh. Look at the comments.
Penny:Thank you, Penny Blossoms. These will be perfect to cover my bald spot. Aww, that is so sweet.
Sheldon:Camouflaging bald spots. That’s primarily a male concern. Perhaps we could expand our market.
Penny:How are flower barrettes going to appeal to men?
Howard:We add Bluetooth!
Sheldon:Brilliant. Men love Bluetooth.
Penny:Wait a minute, wait a minute, you want to make a hair barrette with Bluetooth?
Sheldon:Penny, everything is better with Bluetooth.
Leonard:Holy crap. Someone just ordered a thousand Penny Blossoms.
Penny:Get out! Who needs a thousand sparkly flower barrettes with rhinestones?
Leonard:The Fifth Annual East Rutherford, New Jersey, Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Alliance Luau.
Sheldon:Oh, another market to expand into, balding gay men.
Howard:And I’ll bet lesbians love Bluetooth.
Sheldon:We should get to work.
Penny:Wait, wait, wait, why does it say one-day rush? Since when do we offer a one-day rush?
Leonard:Amazon offers one-day rush.
Penny:Yeah, but they don’t have to glue the books together. How the hell are we going to make a thousand Penny Blossoms in one day?
Leonard:Don’t yell at me. I’m not manufacturing. I’m just Web design.
Penny:Okay, well, I’m gonna have to call them and cancel the order.
Sheldon:Excuse me, but was this not your goal? Financial independence through entrepreneurial brilliance and innovation? My brilliance and innovation, of course, but still.
Penny:I just don’t see how see can pull this off.
Sheldon:Okay, that, right there, that equivocation and self-doubt, that is not the American spirit. Did Davy Crockett quit at the Alamo? Did Jim Bowie?
Howard:They didn’t quit. They were massacred by, like, a gazillion angry Mexicans.
Sheldon:Alright, let me put it this way. Your gross receipts on this one order will be over $3,000 for one night’s work.
Penny:You guys get started.
Leonard:What are you doing?
Penny:Going online to buy shoes!
Raj:You know, if I wanted to spend my Saturday nights doing this, I could have stayed in India.
Howard:Oh, stop with the fake third world crap. Your father’s a gynaecologist, and you had a house full of servants.
Raj:We only had four servants. And two of them were children.
Leonard:How are we doing?
Raj:We have 128 assorted Penny Blossoms ready to ship.
Howard:Oh, God, we’re never gonna finish in time. Who made Sheldon the boss anyway?
Sheldon:I believe I’m hearing some negativity on the factory floor.
Penny:So?
Sheldon:Penny, the labour force is a living organism that must be carefully nurtured. Any counterproductive grumbling must be skilfully headed off by management. Observe. Hey! Less talk, more work!
Penny:Nicely done.
Sheldon:Thank you. You hear any union talk, you let me know.
Leonard :Someone’s in the kitchen with Dinah…
Howard :Someone’s in the kitchen I know-ow-ow-ow
Sheldon :‘Cause I sold my soul to the company store.
Penny:Honey, do you want some coffee?
Sheldon:No, I don’t drink coffee.
Penny:Come on, but if you don’t stay awake we’ll never finish in time.
Sheldon:I’m sorry, coffee’s out of the question. When I moved to California, I promised my mother that I wouldn’t start doing drugs.
Penny:Leonard, help.
Leonard:Sheldon, we still have 380 of these things to make.
Sheldon:I have complete faith that you will make them. Good night.
Penny:Leonard?
Leonard:Yeah, no. But, Sheldon, without your insight and leadership this entire enterprise will surely fail.
Sheldon:You’re right, of course.
Penny:Here, this will help.
Sheldon:Very well, but if this leads to opiates or hallucinogenics, you’re going to have to answer to my mother.
Sheldon:Look at Planck’s Constant. People say it’s arbitrary. It could not be less arbitrary. If it varied even slightly, life as we know it would not exist. Bam! Now, now, let’s reconsider the entire argument, but with entropy reversed and effect preceding cause, so you are thinking of a universe that’s not expanding from the centre, no, it is retreating from a, from a possibility space. Bam! This is a space where we are all essentially Alice through the looking glass, standing in front the Red Queen, and we’re being offered a cracker to quench our thirst. Bam! Of course, in another universe, let’s call it universe prime, there’s another Sheldon, let’s call him Sheldon prime…
Penny:We should have let him go to bed.
Leonard:Bam.
Leonard:I can’t believe we actually did it.
Howard:1,000 friggin’ Penny Blossoms.
Penny:I just want you guys to know I am really grateful for your help, and for every dollar I make, I’m going to give you 20 cents.
Howard:That’s your entire profit margin.
Penny:Oh. Then never mind.
Leonard:I’ll print out the shipping label. Uh-oh.
Penny:What?
Leonard:We got an e-mail from the East Rutherford, New Jersey, Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Alliance. They want another thousand Penny Blossoms.
Penny:Really?
Leonard:One-day rush. I really need to take that off the Web site.
Penny:Okay, well. Guess we’d better get started.
Howard:You can’t be serious.
Penny:Come on. What about the living organism of the workforce and the American spirit and Jiminy Crockett at the Alamo?
Leonard:Davy Crockett. Jiminy Crockett was a cricket.
Penny:Yes, yes, I know that, okay? I’m tired, I’ve had like 18 cups of coffee. The point is, if we all just pull together, we can do this. Who’s with me?
Howard:Penny, although you may find it hard to believe, we do have lives.
Penny:Leonard?
Leonard:Sorry. My apologies to the gay community of East Rutherford, New Jersey.
Sheldon :Zoom, zoom, zoom! Where’s the coffee?
Penny:We’re all out.
Sheldon:No problem. I’ll be back before this banana hits the ground. Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom! Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom!
Howard:Sorry, guys, but Secret Agent Laser Obstacle Lunch is just stupid.
Penny:Okay, it’s done. Look, guys, for the future, I don’t mind killing the big spiders, but you have to at least try with the little ones.
Sheldon:Penny, please, we’re facing a far more serious problem than stray arachnids.
Leonard:Sheldon, it’s not that bad.
Sheldon:Not bad? It’s horrible. I mean, you hear stories about this sort of thing, but you never think it’ll happen to you.
Leonard:So they steamed your dumplings, get over it. New topic, please.
Howard:All right, Penny, let me take this opportunity to point out that you are looking particularly ravishing today.
Penny:Not with a thousand condoms, Howard.
Howard:So, there is a number.
Penny:Okay, new topic, please. Hey, did you hear the people upstairs in 5A are moving out?
Leonard:Shh-shh-shh!
Sheldon:What?
Penny:The people upstairs are moving out.
Leonard:No!
Sheldon:The horror!
Leonard:Why would you just say something like that?
Sheldon:No, no, no, no, no, no, no…
Penny:How else was I supposed to say it?
Leonard:Slowly, like putting a new fish in a tank. You don’t just drop it in, you let the bag sit in the water a while.
Sheldon:The horror!
Penny:Sheldon, I’m sure it’s going to be fine.
Sheldon:No, it’s not going to be fine, change is never fine. They say it is, but it’s not.
Penny:Okay, honey, did you even know the people that are moving out?
Sheldon:I never met them. That’s what made them perfect, there were no awkward hellos in the halls, there was no clickety-clacking of high heel shoes on hardwood floors, they may as well have been a family of cats just jumping around from drape to drape without that annoying ammonia urine smell.
Penny:Well, I’m sure the new people will be just as quiet.
Sheldon:You can’t know that. How can you possibly know that?
Penny:You’re right, I can’t. You know what? Anyone could rent that apartment now, an opera singer, the cast of stomp, yeah, a tap-dancing pirate with a wooden leg.
Leonard:Why are you making it worse?
Penny:I tried making it better, he wouldn’t go for it.
Howard :You’re right, that’s a great idea.
Leonard:What?
Howard:I’ll take the apartment upstairs. I can finally get away from my mother, and we can all spend some more time together, if you catch my drift.
Penny:The horror!
Sheldon:Hold on. You honestly expect me to believe that social protocol dictates we break our backs helping Wolowitz move, and then he only need buy us a pizza?
Leonard:I’m sorry, that really is how it works.
Sheldon:You’re tricking me. You tell me the truth, what do we get?
Leonard:Raj, help me out here.
Raj:You get to choose between a mountain bike or a PS3.
Sheldon:I knew it! PS3, definitely  PS3, who would pick a mountain bike?
Howard :Enough with the guilt, ma, we’ll still see each other. I’ll come over every night and have dinner with you.
OTHER:The hell you will! What am I running here, a fancy restaurant? Does this look like Olive Garden?
Howard :Okay, I get it, you’re angry. You don’t want to see your little bird leave the nest.
OTHER:Little bird? You’re almost 30, fly, for god’s sake!
Howard :Fine, I’ll stay! You happy, crazy lady? I sure as hell hope so, because you’re ruining my life!
Leonard :Hey, Penny, it’s Leonard. Good news, you can take your head out of the oven.
Sheldon :I guess I won’t be needing this.
Sheldon:Oh, no, the new ones, they’re here.
Leonard:Stay calm, we don’t know anything about them yet. What are you doing?
Sheldon:I’m checking for musical instruments. Does that sound like castanets to you?
Leonard:The box says kitchen.
Sheldon:So? Do cocaine smugglers write cocaine on the box?
OTHER:Hello?
Leonard:Hello.
Sheldon:Hello.
OTHER:Hello.
Leonard:Hello.
Sheldon:Hello.
OTHER:I’m Alicia. I’m moving in upstairs.
Leonard:That is so great. Oh, I’m Leonard, I live downstairs. Upstairs from here, but under you. Not under you per se, but under your apartment.
OTHER:That’s nice.
Leonard:Yeah, it is.
Sheldon:If that concludes your faltering attempt to mate, hello.
OTHER:Hello.
Sheldon:Hello. On a scale of one to ten how light of foot would you describe yourself with one being not cat-like at all and ten being freakishly feline?
OTHER:Freakishly feline?
Sheldon:Is that your answer or do you not understand the question? We’ll come back to that one.
Leonard:Sheldon…
Sheldon:Hang on. Are you now or have you ever been a salsa, Irish folk or break-dancer?
OTHER:No.
Leonard:You’re making her uncomfortable.
Sheldon:Oh, I’m sorry. Well, if it helps you feel any better you’re doing very well so far. Next question, are you fertile?
OTHER:What?!
Sheldon:I’m trying to determine whether crying infants above my head are a possibility.
OTHER:I have no immediate plans.
Sheldon:If that changes, let me know. And finally, area rugs, pro or con?
OTHER:Pro?
Sheldon:Alicia?
OTHER:Yes?
Sheldon:Welcome to the building.
OTHER:Thanks so much for helping me, Leonard.
Leonard:Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to help.
Penny :Oh, hey, guys.
Leonard:Hey, Penny. this is Alicia, our new neighbour.
Penny:Hi.
OTHER:Hi.
Leonard:I’m helping.
Penny:I can see.
Sheldon:Alicia’s non-musical, childless and pro-rug. She’s still on probation, of course, but I like her.
OTHER:Cool t-shirt.
Penny:Oh, yeah, I don’t usually dress like this. I’m going jogging.
Sheldon:You don’t jog.
Penny:I can start.
Sheldon:True, but the more likely explanation for your attire is that you’re out of clean clothes again.
Penny:Thank you, Sheldon.
Sheldon:You’re welcome, Penny.
OTHER:Please, you look cute. I’m dressed like a slob today, too.
Leonard:I think you look fantastic.
OTHER:This one’s a player, huh?
Penny:Oh, yeah, be careful.
OTHER:Thanks for the warning.
Penny:Okay.
OTHER:I’ll see you around.
Penny:See ya. I’m dressed like a slob today, too.
Sheldon:Oh, mimicry. I enjoy mimicry. I’ve been working on Admiral Ackbar from Return of the Jedi. “It’s a trap.” You have to imagine me with a giant squid head. “It’s a trap. It’s a trap. It’s a trap.”
Sheldon:Come.
Penny :Hey.
Sheldon:Congratulations, I see you did your laundry.
Penny:Well, sort of.
Sheldon:How does one sort of…
Penny:I bought new clothes, okay? Is Leonard around?
Sheldon:He’s upstairs at Alicia’s.
Penny:Oh. all right, that’s cool, no biggie. He said he’d help me set up my printer, but I guess I can wait. What exactly is he doing up there?
Sheldon:In what I can only perceive as a tactical move to destroy me, he is with Wolowitz and Koothrappali setting up her stereo.
Penny:Oh, they’re all up there, huh? Hmm, typical.
Sheldon:It’s axiomatically atypical. Up until recently, they did not know Alicia, and had no encounters with her in a previous location. They never went upstairs to visit the former tenants, so your characterization of their behaviour as typical Is demonstrably fallacious.
Penny:Okay, now I see the giant squid head.
Sheldon:Oh, great! now, I have to start all over again.
Howard:Yeah, I thought about renting this apartment, but I’m really more of a downtown loft kind of guy.
OTHER:Cool. so are you in a loft now?
Howard:Oh, actually I’m, uh, living with a woman in Altadena. Purely platonic, she’s also my maid.
OTHER:Sounds like a sweet deal.
Howard:I won’t lie, it’s pretty dope.
Penny :Hello?
OTHER:Oh, hey.
Penny:Hey, I just wanted to bring you a little housewarming gift.
OTHER:That is so sweet. Come on in, let’s open it.
Penny:Great.
OTHER:Nice dress.
Penny:Oh, this? I’m dressed like a slob today.
OTHER:The guys have been helping me set up my sound system. I’ve never had such good-looking technical support.
Howard:Oh, pish-posh.  Shucks means shucks. Let one go once in a while.
Leonard:Hey, uh, penny, you want to hear something awesome?
Penny:Yeah.
Leonard:Alicia is an actress, just like you.
Penny:That is so awesome.
OTHER:Well, trying to be, but it’s so hard.
Penny:Yeah, I know, tell me about it.
OTHER:I’ve been out here three months, and all I’ve gotten is a couple of national commercials and this recurring thing on a soap.
Penny:That’s why I work at the Cheesecake Factory, I’m holding out for the right part.
Leonard:Alicia, what do you want as your default setting for DVDs, 5.1 Dolby or DTS?
OTHER:Whatever you think is best, cutie.
Leonard:Well, DTS has more low end, so… okay.
Penny:Uh, hey, guys, guys, you will really appreciate this, I read the best science joke on the internet. Alicia, you won’t get it, but it’s right up their alley. Anyway, so, this physicist goes into an ice cream parlour every week and orders an ice cream sundae for himself, and then offers one to the empty stool sitting next to him. This goes on for a while until the owner finally asks him what he’s doing. The man says, “well, I’m a physicist, and quantum mechanics teaches us that it is possible for the matter above this stool to spontaneously turn into a beautiful woman who might accept my offer and fall in love with me.” The owner then says, “well, lots of single, beautiful women come in here every day, why don’t you buy an ice cream for one of them, and they might fall in love with you?” And the physicist says, “yeah, but what are the odds of that happening?”
Leonard:It’s a little insulting, don’t you think?
Penny:How would I know? I’m not even sure I get it.
OTHER:Hey, Leonard? If you’re done with the DVD player, can you set up my printer?
Leonard:Uh, yeah, I’d love to.
Penny:Uh, hey, maybe when you’re done with her printer, you could set up mine. You know, like you promised a week ago.
Leonard:Yeah, I’ll get to it, don’t nag me.
Raj :Hello there
Sheldon:Who is it? Oh hello, Penny, it’s open, come in. Sarcasm.
Penny:Well, they’re all still up there.
Sheldon:You think I can’t hear them? Listen to that. Stomp, stomp, stomp. That’s Wolowitz in his stacked heels that fool no one.
Penny:I don’t even know why I care. I don’t care. All right, I cared enough to memorize that stupid joke, but that’s all I care.
Sheldon:You know, Penny, there’s something that occurs in beehives you might find interesting. Occasionally, a new queen will arrive while the old queen is still in power. When this happens, the old queen must either locate to a new hive or engage in a battle to the death until only one queen remains.
Penny:What are you saying, that I’m threatened by Alicia? That I’m like the old queen of the hive and it’s just time for me to go?
Sheldon:I’m just talking about bees. They’re on the discovery channel. What are you talking about?
Penny:Bees. Aaah! I just got that physicist joke.
Leonard:Gee, Penny, thanks for buying us dinner.
Howard:Yeah, what’s the occasion?
Penny:No, no occasion, just felt like getting some Chinese chow for my peeps.
Sheldon:Did you remember to ask for the chicken with broccoli to be diced, not shredded?
Penny:Yes.
Sheldon:Even though the menu description specifies shredded?
Penny:Yes.
Sheldon:Brown rice, not white?
Penny:Yes.
Sheldon:You stop at the Korean grocery and get the good hot mustard?
Penny:Yes.
Sheldon:Did you pick up the low-sodium soy sauce from the market?
Penny:Yes
Sheldon:Good. See how it’s done, Leonard?
Penny:So, what do we got going on tonight, huh? Playing Halo watching Battlestar, drop some mentos in diet coke?
Leonard:You want to watch Battlestar?
Penny:What can I say? I got my geek on, boys.
OTHER:Oh, thank God you’re home. I need help.
Leonard:What’s wrong?
OTHER:I just got a callback to audition for CSI to play a hooker who gets killed.
Leonard:Oh, I’d watch that.
OTHER:But my car is in the shop, and I have to be at Universal in forty-five minutes.
Leonard:Okay, well, I’ll take you.
OTHER:Oh, you’re a lifesaver.
Howard:I’ll run lines with you in the car.
OTHER:Great. And afterward, I’ll take you all out for Chinese.
Penny:Oh, actually, that’s okay. we already have…
Howard:Yum. Starving.
Penny:…chinese food right here.
Sheldon:They’re gone, Penny. They can’t hear you.
Penny:I cannot believe they’re letting her just use them like that. I mean, anything she wants, they go panting after her like trained dogs. You know that just last week, she had Howard drive all the way to her uncle’s house in Orange County to pick up her TV?
Sheldon:You once had Leonard and me get your television from your ex-boyfriend.
Penny:Apples and oranges here, Sheldon. I’m telling you, that girl is a user, iceskating through the life on her looks, taking advantage of innocent weak-willed men, getting auditions for stupid network shows. It creams my corn.
Sheldon:May I interject something here?
Penny:Please.
Sheldon:You got the wrong mustard.
OTHER:Hi.
Penny:
OTHER:Guess what? I got the part on CSI.
Penny:Oh boy.
OTHER:Something wrong?
Penny:Uh, no. No, no, no, you know, congratulations, I think you’ll make a great hooker.
OTHER:Thank you. Hey, I got to ask you something, how much do physicists make?
Penny:Um, I don’t know, I don’t think a lot.
OTHER:Yeah, that’s what I figured. Well, got to run, the guys promised to set up my satellite dish and paint my bedroom. Yay!
Penny:Um, hey, hey, can I talk to you about that for a second?
OTHER:About what?
Penny:Well, you know, it’s just that Leonard and Howard and Raj, they aren’t like other guys. They’re special.
OTHER:Okay, they’re special, and?
Penny:Oh, let’s see, how can I explain this, um, they don’t know how to use their shields.
OTHER:Shields?
Penny:Yeah, you know, like in Star Trek, when you’re in battle and you raise the shields? Where the hell did that come from? Anyways, um, you know how guys like this are, so, please don’t take advantage of them.
OTHER:Who says I’m taking advantage of them?
Penny:Come on, they’re doing everything for you, because you’re leading them on.
OTHER:So I let them do stuff for me. They’re happy. I get stuff. Who cares? And how’s it any different from what you do?
Penny:Excuse me?
OTHER:I’ve seen you around them. Are you pretending like you don’t do the exact same thing?
Penny:Okay, lady, you are way out of line.
OTHER:Oh, I’m out of line?
Penny:Yeah, you’re out of line.
OTHER:Well, what are you going to do about it, bitch?
Raj:I like green lantern, I’m just saying it’s pretty lame that He can be defeated by the colour yellow.
Sheldon:Only the modern green lantern is vulnerable to yellow.
Leonard:Golden age green lantern was vulnerable to wood.
Raj:Great, so I can take them both out with a number-two pencil?
Howard:Oh, my God! Girl fight!
Leonard:What are you doing?
Howard:I know you. you’re stupid enough to break it up.
Howard:May I say you look very comely tonight?
Penny:Thank you.
Howard:You’re right, this filly’s been broken.
Sheldon :You set it on DTS, didn’t you?
Leonard:I had to, she called me cutie.
Howard:According to Alicia’s facebook page, she’s hooking up with one of the producers on CSI.
Penny:Well, dead whore on TV, live one in real life.
Sheldon:Oh, great now she’s jumping up and down on the bed.
Sheldon:Hu-u-u-uh…. Hu-u-u-uh!
Leonard:Problem?
Sheldon:This is Thai food.
Howard:Here we go.
Sheldon:We don’t have Thai food on Thursday. We have pizza on Thursday.
Leonard:Yes, but we all agreed that the third Thursday of every month would be Anything Can Happen Thursday.
Sheldon:Well apparently the news didn’t reach my digestive system, which, when startled, has its own version of Anything Can Happen Thursday.
Howard:Come on, the whole idea behind Anything Can Happen Thursday is to get out of this rut we’ve been in lately.
Sheldon:Rut? I think you mean consistency. And if we’re going to abandon that, then why even call it Thursday? Let’s call it Quonko Day and divide it into 29 hours of 17 minutes apiece, and celebrate it by sacrificing a goat to the mighty god Ra.
Raj:I could go for some goat.
Leonard:Sheldon, we agreed we’d do something different tonight.
Sheldon:All right. Let’s go to the comic book store.
Raj:We went to the comic book store last night.
Sheldon:Last night was Wednesday. Wednesday is comic book night. Tonight, we’ll be going on Thursday, because it’s Anything Can Happen Thursday.
Leonard:Way to think outside but pressed right up against the box, Sheldon.
Raj:So what are we going to do tonight?
Howard:If I may proffer a suggestion, in bars all across this great nation of ours, Thursday night is Ladies’ Night. Which means, as the evening progresses, we will get better looking courtesy of 99 cent margaritas and two-for-one Jell-O shots.
Leonard:Come on, Howard, the odds of us picking up girls in a bar are practically zero.
Howard:Really? Are you familiar with the Drake Equation?
Sheldon:The one that estimates the odds of making contact with extraterrestrials by calculating the product of an increasingly restrictive series of fractional values such as those stars with planets, and those planets likely to develop life? N equals R times FP times NE times FL times FI times FC times L?
Howard:Yeah, that one. You can modify it to calculate our chances of having sex by changing the formula to use the number of single women in Los Angeles, the number of those who might find us attractive, and what I call the Wolowitz Coefficient.
Raj:The Wolowitz Coefficient?
Howard:Neediness times dress size squared. Crunching the numbers, I come up with a conservative 5,812 potential sex partners within a 40-mile radius.
Leonard:You’re joking.
Howard:I’m a horny engineer, Leonard. I never joke about math or sex.
Raj:Well, what are we waiting for? Let’s bounce, bitches.
Leonard:You’re right. It’s Anything Can Happen Thursday, let’s hit the clubs and meet hot women!
Raj:Here we go. Lock up your daughters! We’re going to hit it and quit it.
Leonard:Or we could finish eating and go to the comic book store.
Raj:Also a good plan.
Howard:Alright, but next Anything Can Happen Thursday, we’re definitely going to a bar.
Leonard:Oh, absolutely.
Raj:You heard that, Ladies’ Night ladies? We’re eventually coming for you!
Sheldon:Fascinating.
Penny:Oh hey, guys, where’re you headed?
Sheldon:To the comic book store. You’re probably thinking, the comic book store? On a Thursday? Why, I’ve fallen down the rabbit hole and into a land of madness. What you have failed to take into account, Penny, is that this is Anything Can Happen Thursday.
Penny:You got me. While you’re there, could pick me up a few comics for my nephew’s birthday?
Sheldon:I think you mean comic books. Comics are feeble attempts at humour featuring talking babies and anthropomorphized pets found traditionally in the optimistically named funny pages.
Penny:Leonard, could you pick me up a few comics for my nephew’s birthday?
Leonard:Sure. What does he like?
Penny:I don’t know, he’s 13. Just pick out anything.
Sheldon:Just pick out anything? Maybe at the same time we can pick out a new suit for him without knowing his size, or pick out his career for him without knowing his aptitude, or pick out a new breakfast cereal without knowing his fibre requirements or his feelings about little marshmallows.
Penny:Spider-Man. Get him Spider-Man.
Sheldon:Amazing Spider-Man, Ultimate Spider-Man, Spectacular Spider-Man, The Marvelous Adventures of Spider-Man, Spider-Man 2099?
Penny:Leonard?
Leonard:You know this can go on all night, why don’t you just come with us?
Penny:Ugh, that’s what I was trying to avoid.
Sheldon:Oh, I forgot Sensational Spider-Man.
Penny:Oh, what a cute, little store. Everybody’s staring at me.
Leonard:Don’t worry, they’re more scared of you than you are of them.
Penny:Unlikely. Here, what about this one for my nephew?
Sheldon:A superb choice.
Penny:Oh, great.
Sheldon:Yeah, provided he has already read Infinite Crisis and 52, and is familiar with the re-establishment of the DC multiverse.
Penny:What’s a multiverse?
Sheldon:Get her out of here.
Leonard:Come on, I’ll help you pick something.
Raj:That’s right. She’s with us. Guys like that are so pathetic.
Howard:Tell me about it. Look, a new Batman belt buckle.
OTHER:Oh, hey, Leonard. Can I help you find something?
Leonard:Oh, hey, Stuart. This is Penny. She’s looking for some comic books.
OTHER:Oh, really. Blink twice if you’re here against your will.
Leonard:I think we’re fine, Stuart.
OTHER:Let me know if you need anything.
Penny:Thanks. He seems like a nice guy.
Leonard:You mean for someone who’s into comic books?
Penny:No, no, no, I just meant for… yeah.
Leonard:Penny, just because people appreciate comic books doesn’t make them weirdos. Stuart’s a terrific artist. He went to the Rhode Island School of Design.
Penny:What about the guy over there in the superhero T-shirt tucked into his sweatpants?
Leonard:Ah, yeah, that’s Captain Sweatpants. He doesn’t really help the point I’m trying to make.
Howard:Let it go, Sheldon.
Sheldon:Why should I let it go? I saw it first.
Howard:Yes, but I saw it from the front.
Sheldon:A far less impressive feat.
Howard:Oh, come on! I need this for my Batman collection.
Sheldon:I need it for my Robin collection.
Howard:Rock-Paper-Scissors-Lizard-Spock?
Sheldon:Why would I gamble? It’s mine. Let go.
Howard:You let go.
Sheldon:No, you!
Leonard:Problem?
Sheldon:Yes, he won’t let go of my comic book.
Howard:It’s my comic book!
Sheldon:Leonard, we need a ruling.
Leonard:Uh, cut it in half?
Penny:Excuse me.
OTHER:Hello again.
Penny:Hi. What would you recommend as a present for a 13-year-old boy?
OTHER:A 13-year-old girl. But if you’re dead set on a comic book, try this.
Penny:Oh, Hellblazer. What’s this about?
OTHER:A morally ambiguous confidence man who smokes, has lung cancer and is tormented by the spirits of the undead.
Penny:Well, if that doesn’t make me the favourite aunt, I don’t know what will. Is this me?
OTHER:Depends. Do you like it?
Penny:It’s really good.
OTHER:Yes, that’s you.
Penny:That’s so sweet, but what if I didn’t like it?
OTHER:It’d still be you, but I’d feel like an idiot.
Leonard:I don’t believe it. Stuart’s putting the moves on Penny.
Howard:I have got to learn how to draw. Hey!
Sheldon:Once again, defeated by your own prurient interests.
Raj:Guys, have you seen Stuart all up in Penny’s business over there?
Leonard:Nobody’s up in anybody’s business, let’s just buy our stuff and go.
Penny:Okay, you’ve got my number, now, give me the picture.
OTHER:You drive a hard bargain, but here.
Penny:All right. So, um, just give me a call.
Sheldon:So, Leonard, how are you enjoying Anything Can Happen Thursday?
Sheldon:Look at that, that’s a dent. Thank you, Howard Ham-Fisted Wolowitz. Did you just shut the TV off in the middle of the classic Deep Space Nine/Star Trek The Original Series Trouble With Tribbles crossover episode?
Leonard:Apparently so.
Sheldon:Are you ill?
Leonard:No.
Sheldon:All right. Then is it fair to say that you’re experiencing some sort of emotional turmoil over the events involving Penny earlier this evening?
Leonard:When did you pick up on that?
Sheldon:A moment ago, when you turned off the TV in the middle of }during the classic Deep Space Nine/Star Trek The Original Series Trouble With Tribbles crossover episode. Would you like some advice?
Leonard:Sure, why not?
Sheldon:Then, this is the perfect time to launch a blog with an interactive comments section.
Leonard:Gee, thanks a lot.
Sheldon:Would you rather I offer my personal insight?
Leonard:I don’t need any insights. I just want to know why Penny’s more interested in Stuart than me. We’re practically the same guy.
Sheldon:Oh, I disagree. Stuart is taller, artistic, self-employed and, most significantly, he gets 45 percent off comic books.
Leonard:You’re right, I really should be asking strangers on the Internet.
Sheldon:My original point.
Sheldon:Chinese food, vintage video games. After the nightmare of Anything Can Happen Thursday, this is Friday night the way it was meant to be.
Howard:Who’s up for Sheldon-Free Saturday?
Penny :Oh, hey guys.
Leonard:Hey, Penny… and Stuart, hey Stuart.
OTHER:Hey, guys.
Howard:So what are you kids up to?
Penny:Uh, Stuart has a piece in an art show that’s opening tonight.
Leonard:And you guys are going together, great…
OTHER:It is great. Really great. Freaking awesome. What are you guys doing?
Penny:It’s Friday night, that means Chinese food and vintage video games, right?
Sheldon:Vintage doesn’t even begin to describe what we have planned. Tonight, we are playing the classic 1980 interactive text adventure, Zork. It’s the buggy beta version.
Penny:Wow, Zork. Well, you guys have fun.
OTHER:Yeah, see you guys.
Howard:See you, Stuart.
Leonard:Hey, Howard?
Howard:Yes.
Leonard:Take me to a bar with women.
Howard:Really?
Leonard:Yeah.
Howard:Okay! Let me just go inside and slip off my underwear.
Leonard:Why?
Howard:Well, if I get lucky, I don’t want to be caught in my Aquaman briefs.
Raj:May I have a grasshopper with a little umbrella, please?
Howard:No, he may not.
Raj:Why?
Howard:I’m not sitting here with a guy drinking a grasshopper with a little umbrella.
Raj:Fine. I’ll have a chocolate martini.
Howard:Wrong again!
Raj:Come on, you know I can’t talk to women unless I’m lit up like the Hindu festival of Diwali.
Howard:Look, there are plenty of bars in Los Angeles where you can order grasshoppers and chocolate martinis, but you wouldn’t have to because there are no women in them.
Raj:Gotcha. I’ll have a Brandy Alexander.
Howard:All right, the Three Musketeers just became the Dynamic Duo.
Leonard:Should we talk to some of these women?
Howard:It’s way too early in the night for that. See, first we let the lawyers and the jocks thin the herd, and then we go after the weak and the old and the lame.
Leonard:That’s your system?
Howard:That’s my system. Oh, and if you spot a chick with a Seeing Eye dog, she’s mine.
Penny:Oh come on. I think it’s nice that Captain Sweatpants showed up to your art opening.
OTHER:Yeah, it would have been nicer if he hadn’t touched all the cheese.
Penny:Um, you know, it’s kind of early. Do you want to maybe come in for some coffee or something?
OTHER:Oh, gee, it’s a little late for coffee, isn’t it?
Penny:Oh, you think coffee, means coffee, that is so sweet. Come on, I think I have decaf.
Sheldon:Oh, good, Stuart, I thought I heard your voice. Do you have a moment?
OTHER:Uh, yeah, I guess.
Penny:Sheldon, we’re a little busy here, so…
Sheldon:What are you doing?
OTHER:We’re having coffee.
Sheldon:Isn’t it a little late for coffee?
OTHER:It’s okay. She thinks she has decaf.
Penny:I’ll just go look for it.
OTHER:What’s up?
Sheldon:Well, I’ve spent the last three hours in an online debate in the DC Comics Batman chatroom, and I need your help.
OTHER:Oh yeah. Those guys can be very stubborn. What’s the topic?
Sheldon:I am asserting, in the event that Batman’s death proves permanent, that original Robin, Dick Grayson, is the logical successor to the Bat Cowl.
OTHER:Ooh, Sheldon, I’m afraid you couldn’t be more wrong.
Sheldon:More wrong? Wrong is an absolute state and not subject to gradation.
OTHER:Of course it is. It’s a little wrong to say a tomato is a vegetable, it’s very wrong to say it’s a suspension bridge. But returning to the original issue, Dick Grayson became Nightwing, a superhero in his own right. Batman 2 has to be the second Robin, Jason Todd.
Sheldon:Has to be? Has to be? I hope you’re being deliberately provocative.
Penny:I found the decaf!
OTHER:Oh, great!
Sheldon:Yeah, herbal tea for me, please.
Raj:Barkeep! Alexander me.
Leonard:How about those two?
Howard:Nah, they’re eating peanuts, and my allergies, one kiss would put me in Cedar-Sinai for a week.
Leonard:What about the ones in the corner?
Howard:Possible, very possible. Do you want the one in the whiplash collar or the one who keeps blinking?
Leonard:I think Blinky’s cute.
Howard:You got it, sir.
Leonard:Wait, so we just go over there?
Howard:No, we have a little prep work to do. Put this in your mouth. We walk past them, you stumble a bit. I say, sorry, my friend’s had a little too much, and then I start to pull it out of your mouth and say, a little too much fun. Get it? I mean, they’re laughing, we’re laughing, and then we get them up to about a .15 blood alcohol level, and tell them we’re millionaires.
Leonard:What else you got?
Howard:Depends. Are you willing to sit on my lap and pretend to be a ventriloquist dummy?
Leonard:No.
Howard:I can’t sit on your lap, you don’t know the routine.
OTHER:I’m sorry, but you’re obviously stuck in a pre-Zero Hour DC universe.
Sheldon:Of course I am. Removing Joe Chill as the killer of Batman’s parents effectively deprived him of his raison d’être.
OTHER:Okay, you can throw all the French around you want, it doesn’t make you right.
Sheldon:Au contraire.
OTHER:Plus, you’re forgetting that the Infinite Crisis storyline restored Joe Chill to the Batman mythology.
Sheldon:I am forgetting nothing and I resent your tone.
OTHER:Okay, look, Sheldon, it’s late and I’ve got to get some sleep.
Sheldon:So, I win.
OTHER:No, I’m tired.
Sheldon:So, I win.
OTHER:Fine. You win.
Sheldon:Darn tootin’, I win.
OTHER:Penny, I really had a terrific time. Penny?
Sheldon:No, no, no, no, don’t wake her. She’ll maul you like a rabid wolverine.
OTHER:You know, I don’t think that was decaf.
Howard:Wait, is this your card or isn’t it? Trust me, this was their card.
Leonard:I thought you were good at this. You’re always talking about how you go to bars and meet women.
Howard:I do, all the time.
Leonard:Well, what happened? We’ve been sitting here all night and the longest conversation you’ve had with a woman was when your mom called.
Howard:Wow, you’re just going to make me come out and say it, aren’t you?
Leonard:Say what?
Howard:You’re weighing me down. I’m a falcon who hunts better solo.
Leonard:Fine. I’ll sit here. You take flight and hunt.
Howard:Don’t be ridiculous, you can’t just tell a falcon when to hunt.
Leonard:Actually, you can. There’s a whole sport built around it. Falconry.
Howard:Shut up. Let’s just get Koothrappali and go.  Hello. I am Sanjay Wolowitz from Bombay. Okay, I’m stumped.
Howard:Okay, are you from Star Wars universe?
Leonard:Yes
Howard:Were you in the original trilogy?
Leonard:Yes
Howard:Is there a picture of you in my wallet wearing a metal bikini?
Leonard:God, I hope not. And no, I’m not Princess Leia.
Raj:Oh, okay, okay, my turn. Are you in the six Star Wars movies?
Leonard:Yes
Raj:Interesting. Are you a Droid?
Leonard:Yes
Raj:Do you kind of look like a shiny Sheldon?
Leonard:Yes
Raj:C3PO.
Leonard:You got it.
Sheldon:That’s preposterous. I do not resemble C3PO. Don’t get me wrong, I’m flattered, I just don’t see it.
Howard :Leslie Winkle. You’ve reached friends with benefits. For a booty call, press one now.
Sheldon:What exactly does that expression mean, friends with benefits? Does he provide her with health insurance?
Leonard:No. Look, imagine you maintained a friendship with someone you had sex with, but you were free to date whoever you wanted.
Sheldon:I’m sorry, I can’t imagine any of that.
Leonard:Alright, back to the game.
Sheldon:I believe it’s my turn, you may begin your questions whenever you’re ready.
Raj:Are you Spock?
Sheldon:I don’t like this game.
Howard:So, where were we?
Raj:Aren’t you leaving for your booty call?
Howard:No, it was something else. Why does everything have to be about sex with you? Come on. Who’s turn is it?
Leonard:We were up to you.
Howard:Great, just start.
Leonard:Okay, let’s see. Are you from a TV series?
Howard:She dumped me!
Sheldon:I bet he’s someone from Babylon 5, we’re never going to guess.
Raj:What happened with Leslie, why did she dump you?
Howard:I don’t know. She just said Howard, momma’s a rolling stone. And then her call waiting beeped and she was gone.
Sheldon:I don’t understand. If you were in a non-emotional relationship then why are you having  what appears be an emotional response?
Leonard:Sheldon, he obviously had feelings for her.
Howard:Of course I had feelings for her, I saw her naked for God’s sake!
Leonard:Okay, uh look, you just need to get your mind off it. Do you want to go to the comic book store? Maybe go see a movie?
Howard:I don’t want to go anywhere.
Sheldon:You know, I’m given to understand that there is an entire city in Nevada designed specifically to help people like Howard forget their problems. Where  you can replace them with new problems such as alcoholism, gambling addiction and sexually transmitted diseases.
Raj:Is it me, or was that Sheldon’s way of saying Vegas baby!
Leonard:I’ve never been there, have you?
Raj:Me? No. I just got Vegas baby from Vince Vaughn in Swingers. .
Howard:It could be fun. I know my weekend’s wide open, now that…
Leonard:Okay, then let’s do this, lets go to Las Vegas.
Howard:Now? Right now?
Leonard:Why not? People do things right now all the time. Why can’t we be right now people too. Go home, pack a bag and we’ll be right now people. I have to stop at the drug store to refill a prescription, but after that we’ll go right now.
Raj:What do you say, Howard?
Howard:I say Vegas baby!
Raj:What are you going to tell your mother?
Howard:Sea World, baby!
Leonard:Hey, Sheldon, are you coming?
Sheldon:I’d rather have a blowfly lay eggs and hatch larvae in my auditory canal.
Leonard:Great, we’ll bring you back a tee-shirt.
Sheldon:Thank you. Hello, neighbour.
Penny:Hello, Sheldon.
Sheldon:And how are you doing this fine evening?
Penny:Great.
Sheldon:Good. I’m glad.
Penny:Really? Are you drunk?
Sheldon:I’m just in a good mood. While my compatriots are in Las Vegas, I will be enjoying a blissful evening in my personal Fortress of Solitude.
Penny:That’s Superman’s big ice thing, right?
Sheldon:Do you know, I’m such a good mood, I’m actually finding your tenuous grasp of the English language folksy and charming today.
Penny:Mmm, what smells so good?
Sheldon:That is the intoxicating aroma of Kadhai Paneer, a perfect culinary representation of the freedom this evening holds. Not only is it Indian cuisine, which Koothrappali loathes, it contains a generous helping of peanuts, which would reduce Wolowitz to a wheezing 97 pound blister. And finally, it’s main ingredient is Paneer, a farmer’s cheese which would cause Leonard to render any room uninhabitable within minutes.
Penny:Yum. Well, enjoy your big evening.
Sheldon:Penny. I realize you are also on your own tonight, so if at some point you find yourself with nothing to do, please do not disturb me.
Penny:Have fun, Sheldon.
Sheldon:Oh, I shall.  No!
Penny:What’s wrong, Superman? Locked out of your big ice thingy?
Raj:Look at this, mouthwash, lotion, body wash, shampoo and conditioner together in one tiny bottle. I love Las Vegas.
Leonard:Howard, could I borrow some after shave?
Howard:Black case, top compartment.
Leonard:That is a lot of cologne.
Howard:First row are your musks, second is wood, leathers and botanicals, third is assorted pheromones, tread lightly.
Raj :That’s the spirit, Howard. Yes, we can.
Leonard:Come on, let’s go.
Howard:You guys go ahead, I just have to finish up an email.
Leonard:That’s not an email, that’s Leslie’s facebook page.
Howard:Okay, fine, I’m checking her facebook page, look at her status update, she’s saying she dumped me, people need to know I dumped her.
Raj:But she did dump you.
Howard:Grow up, Raj,there’s no place for truth on the internet. Just go, I’ll catch up with you.
Leonard:Alright.
Raj:Oh, we should have a plan in case one of us gets lucky.
Leonard:Okay, uh, if I get lucky I’ll take her to my stately manor outside Gotham City, and if you get lucky, I’ll sleep on the moon.
Raj:Sounds like a plan.
Penny:Hang on, I think the emergency key is around here somewhere.
Sheldon:We have a bowl. Our keys go in a bowl. You should get a bowl.
Penny:So, how did the beautiful mind of Sheldon Cooper forget his key in the first place.
Sheldon:I left them in the bowl.
Penny:Oh-oh. I just remembered where the emergency key is.
Sheldon:Where?
Penny:In your apartment.
Sheldon:What’s it doing in my apartment?
Penny:Well, I went in there a few weeks ago when you guys weren’t home, and I forgot it there.
Sheldon:You were in my… why would you… what are you saying?
Penny:It’s not a big deal, I was making coffee and I ran out of milk.
Sheldon:You’re the milk thief! Leonard said I was crazy but I knew that carton felt lighter.
Penny:Alright, Sheldon, let’s just calm down and we’ll call the building manager, he’ll come open your door, you just eat your dinner here while you’re waiting.
Sheldon:Eat? My dinner? In your apartment?
Penny:Yeah, why not?
Sheldon:Sure, why not? And after the sun’s down we can all pile in my pick-up and go skinny-dipping down at the creek. ‘Cause today’s the day to stop making sense.
Leonard :Thanks.
Raj:I’m telling you, Leonard, video slot machines, free drinks brought to us by a bosomy barmaid and all you can eat shrimp for $3.95. Disneyland can suck it. This is the real happiest place on earth.
Leonard :Dude, check it out. That’s laundry for a month!
OTHER:Hi.
Raj :Hello.
OTHER:What’s your name?
Raj:Rajesh Ramayan Koothrappali.
OTHER:Hello Rajesh Ram… Hi, Rajesh, I’m Michaela.
Raj:Hello, Michaela.
OTHER:So, are you interested a little party?
Raj:Why, yes, I love to party. Party is my middle name. Or it would be, if it weren’t Ramayan.
Leonard:Uh, Raj, can I, can I talk to you for a moment.
Raj:Not now, Leonard, Michaela’s inviting me to a party. You better call the moon and you make sure that they have a bed for you.
Leonard:Yeah, I really need to talk to you.
Raj:Excuse me, I’ll be right back. Don’t go anywhere. Don’t move. Just stay the beautiful unspoiled American flower that you are.  What’s wrong with you dude, that woman was all up in my jammy.
Leonard:Okay, I hate to break this to you and whatever your jammy is, but, I’m pretty sure she is a prostitute.
Raj:What? No. ..
Leonard:Okay, let me put it this way, in your entire life, how many gorgeous women have walked straight up to you in a bar and asked if you wanted to party.
Raj:Maybe I can save her.
Leonard:Maybe, but I’m guessing it will cost you about $500 an hour to try.
Raj:It was lovely meeting you, best of luck in your future endeavours.
OTHER:Whatever.
Raj:Oh, I miss her already.
Leonard:Oh, Howard’s losing it. Check out his latest twitters. “I’m at the bottom of a black hole staring into the abyss. My life is meaningless, my future is without hope.”
Raj:Why don’t we take him to see the Blue Man Group?
Leonard:You think that’d help?
Raj:USA Today calls them exuberant fun for the whole family.
Leonard:I don’t know, Howard isn’t really the family fun kind of guy.
Raj:It’s too bad he wasn’t here for that hooker. She’s exactly his type. A hooker. You know, I bet if we hired her, that would cheer him up.
Leonard:We’re not going to get Wolowitz a hooker.
Raj :“I’m so lonely and horny I may open this $20 jar of peanuts and end it all.”
Leonard:Suppose it wouldn’t hurt to get an estimate.
Sheldon:So, how was your day?
Penny:Are you trying to make small talk? Oh, sweetie, you really don’t have to.
Sheldon:No, it’s the accepted convention. How was your day?
Penny:Well, uh, they shifted my schedule around at the restaurant so my hours are going to be a little different…
Sheldon:I’m sorry, that’s not going to interest me at all, just eat.
Raj:Hello again.
OTHER:Oh, hi.
Leonard:Yeah, hi, listen, m, if you’re not busy, well, w-we were thinking you could… well, we were wondering…
Raj:If you’re really a prostitute.
OTHER:You guys cops?
OTHER:No.
OTHER:I am a prostitute.
Leonard:Okay, great. Um… uh, the thing is, we’ve got this friend, and he’s kind of down in the dumps, and we thought that maybe you could cheer him up.
Raj:With sex.
Leonard:I think she knows what I meant.
Raj:How can she when you beat around the bush. She’s from the mean streets where they shoot from the hip and keep it real.
OTHER:Don’t worry, I can take good care of your friend.
Leonard:Okay, terrific. Um, uh, listen, is there a way that we can do this where he doesn’t know that you’re a… you know…
Raj:Prostitute.
OTHER:You want the girlfriend experience.
Leonard:Yes, yeah, exactly, the girlfriend experience.
Raj:Uh, actually, if it’s not too much to ask, could we have the Jewish girlfriend experience.
Sheldon:Okay, that’s question 20, you have to guess.
Penny:Oh, God, I don’t know Sheldon, are you Star Wars?
Sheldon:How can one person be a whole movie?
Penny:Okay, I give up, can we just do something else?
Sheldon:Fine. I was Spock. Are you and Leonard friends with benefits.
Penny:What?
Sheldon:Are you and Leonard friends with benefits?
Penny:Where did that even come from, did he say we were?
Sheldon:No, Leonard said nothing, but who knows what goes on over here when he pretends your mail was misdelivered.
Penny:No, just mail, no benefits.
Sheldon:Hmm, I see.
Penny:Why are you asking?
Sheldon:I’m curious about the whole social construct. On its face, the idea of satisfying ones sexual appetite, assuming one is afflicted with such, without emotional entanglement, that seems eminently practical. What I’ve observed, however, is Howard Wolowitz crying like a little girl.
Penny:Well, some people just can’t handle that kind of relationship.
Sheldon:Can you?
Penny:Excuse me?
Sheldon:Are you able to have sex with men without developing an emotional attachment?
Penny:Sheldon, I really don’t want to talk about this with you.
Sheldon:Is this conversation making you uncomfortable?
Penny:Of course it’s making me uncomfortable, can’t you tell?
Sheldon:I really have no idea. I don’t particularly excel at reading facial expressions, body language…
Penny:I’m uncomfortable, Sheldon!
Sheldon:Thank you, that’s very helpful.
Howard:Alright, where are these amazing shrimp?
Leonard:Behold?
Howard:Seriously, you think this is the size of a baby’s arm?
Raj:A little baby.
Howard:I’m going back to the room.
OTHER:Boy, would it maybe kill them to put out a nice brisket?
Howard:Hi there, Howard Wolowitz.
OTHER:Esther Rosenblatt.
Penny:I don’t think the manager’s coming tonight so, here.
Sheldon:Are you suggesting I sleep on the couch.
Penny:Well, it wasn’t the first suggestion that came to mind, but it’s the one I’m going with.
Sheldon:I can’t sleep on your couch. I sleep in a bed. And given it’s dimensions I have no intention of living out E.M. Snickering’s beloved children’s book , The Tall Man From Cornwall.
Penny:What?
Sheldon:There was a tall man from Cornwall whose length exceeded his bed. My body fits on it, but barely upon it, there’s no room for my big Cornish head.
Penny:Oh, alright. I will give you my bed on one condition. That you promise to zip your hole for the next eight hours.
Sheldon:May I say one last thing.
Penny:Only if it doesn’t rhyme.
Sheldon:Alright. Goodnight.
OTHER:Turn ons. Let me see. Reading a good book in front of the fire. Long walks on the beach. Getting freaky on the Sabbath with a bacon cheeseburger.
Howard:Really, me too.
OTHER:Oy gevalt, you’re hot.
Howard:Yeah. Excuse me for a moment.
Leonard:Hey, how’s it going.
Howard:Cut the crap, you set this up, didn’t you?
Leonard:Yes.
Howard:She’s a hooker, isn’t she.
Raj:A prostitute, yes.
Howard:You already gave her the money?
Leonard:Yes.
Howard:Thank you!
Sheldon:Penny.
Penny:What?
Sheldon:I can’t sleep. how are you going?
Penny:Maybe that’s because your hole is still open.
Sheldon:I’m homesick.
Penny:Your home is twenty feet from here.
Sheldon:Twenty feet, twenty light years, it doesn’t matter. It’s in a galaxy far, far away.
Penny:Damn it. What do you want me to do
Sheldon:Sing soft kitty.
Penny:That’s only for when you’re sick.
Sheldon:Homesick is a type of being sick.
Penny:Come on, do I really have to?
Sheldon:I suppose we can stay up and talk.
Penny:Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur. Happy kitty, um…
Sheldon:Sleepy kitty.
Penny:Sleepy ki…
Sheldon:No. Start over.
Penny:Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur. Happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr, purr, purr.
Sheldon:Penny.
Penny:Yeah.
Sheldon:Thank you for letting me stay here.
Penny:Oh, you’re welcome sweetie.
Sheldon:Okay, I’m sleepy now, get out.
Sheldon:Oh, good, you’re finally home.
Leonard:What were you doing at Penny’s?
Sheldon:Well, we had dinner, uh, played some games, and then I spent the night. Oh, you’ll be happy to know that I now have a much better understanding of friends with benefits.
Sheldon:Smell that? That’s the smell of new comic books. Oh, yes!
Howard:They’re on me today, boys.
Raj:You’re paying? Have you been selling your sperm again?
Howard:No, I’m celebrating. As we speak, the space shuttle is docking at the International Space Station where it will deploy the Wolowitz Zero-Gravity Waste Disposal System.
Raj:Oh, get over yourself, it’s a high-tech toilet.
Leonard:Just think. Thanks to your hard work, an international crew of astronauts will boldly go
Howard:Is that supposed to be funny?
Sheldon:I believe it is. The combination of the Star Trek reference and the play on words involving the double-meaning of the verb to go suggests that Leonard is humorously mocking your efforts in space plumbing.
Howard:Okay, make your little jokes, but of the four of us, I’m the only one making any real-world contribution to science and technology.
Raj:He’s right. This is an important achievement, for two reasons. Number one, and, of course, number two.
Sheldon:Oh, clever! Playing on the use of cardinal numbers as euphemisms for bodily functions.
OTHER:Here, Sheldon, I pulled the new Hellboy for you. It’s mind-blowing.
Sheldon:Excuse me, spoiler alert.
OTHER:I didn’t spoil anything.
Sheldon:You told me it’s mind-blowing, so, my mind is going into it pre-blown. And once a mind is pre-blown, it cannot be re-blown.
OTHER:I’m sorry.
Sheldon:Said the Grinch to Christmas.
OTHER:Uh, hey, Leonard, can I talk to you about something?
Leonard:Oh, sure, what’s up?
OTHER:Remember I went out with your friend Penny a couple weeks ago?
Leonard:Yeah, vaguely.
Raj:Sure you remember. You went to the bar and made a fool of yourself trying to pick up strange women.
Leonard:What about it?
OTHER:Well, uh, the thing is, the date didn’t go that well.
Leonard:Oh, too bad. I guess the thing to do now is just pick yourself up, dust yourself off, forget it and move on.
OTHER:I can’t do that.
Leonard:Why the hell not?
OTHER:‘Cause we’re going out again tomorrow.
Sheldon:Excuse me, Stuart. Have you read the new Flash?
OTHER:No.
Sheldon:Well, I have and it will knock your socks off! Good luck getting them back on.
OTHER:Uh, anyway, I figured this is probably my last shot with Penny and I don’t want to screw it up.
Leonard:Nobody wants that.
OTHER:So, here’s my question. It’s the second date, you think she’ll be expecting things to get physical?
Leonard:Uh, oh, gee, my initial reaction is no. You know, let me think about it and get back to you, okay?
OTHER:Okay, so, you’ll give me a call?
Leonard:Yeah, or you call me.
OTHER:Great.
Leonard:Or nobody calls anyone.
Raj:Interesting. Penny’s current suitor asking advice from her former suitor.
Leonard:You know, thanks for closed-captioning my pain, Raj.
Howard:Hey, wanna make sure he gets nowhere with Penny without jeopardizing your friendship with either of them?
Leonard:I’m listening.
Howard:Just tell him to do everything you’ve done with her for the last two years.
Penny:Hey, Leonard.
Leonard:Oh, hi.
Penny:How’s it going?
Leonard:Good, good. You?
Penny:Fine. Oh, hey, can I ask you something?
Leonard:Sure.
Penny:You know your friend Stuart?
Leonard:Yes.
Penny:Well, he asked me out again and I said yes, and then I started thinking maybe I should talk to you first.
Leonard:About what?
Penny:Well, does it bother you, me going out with one of your friends? ‘Cause you know, you and me…
Leonard:No, no that’s the past. I’m really more of a right now kind of guy. You know, living in the moment. Although I do have to live a little in the future, ’cause, well, that’s my job. Of course, my fondness for classic science fiction does draw my attention backwards, but those stories often take place in the future. In conclusion, no, it doesn’t bother me.
Penny:Okay, well, that’s really cool of you.
Leonard:Yeah, well I wouldn’t say cool, I’d just say, that’s Leonard!
Penny:Well, In that case, do you mind giving me some advice?
Leonard:About Stuart? Love to.
Penny:He’s very shy, how do I make him feel more comfortable around me?
Leonard:Well, uh, first of all, don’t underestimate the value of discomfort.
Penny:Really?
Leonard:Well, yeah, Stuart thrives under pressure, that’s why he works in a comic book store.
Leonard:Oh. It’s Stuart.
Sheldon:You’re not going to answer it?
Leonard:He wants to talk about Penny. I don’t want to talk about Penny.
Sheldon:You’re making an assumption. Perhaps the comic book store is on fire, and he needs your assistance.
Leonard:Why would he call me?
Sheldon:We don’t know. And if you don’t answer the phone, we can’t know.
Leonard:I’m not answering the phone, Sheldon.
Sheldon:Answer the phone, Leonard.
Leonard:No! There, it went to voice mail.
Sheldon:Aren’t you going to check your messages?
Leonard:No.
Sheldon:You have to check your messages, the leaving of a message is one half of a social contract which is completed by the checking of the message. If that contract breaks down then all social contracts break down and we descend into anarchy.
Leonard:It must be hell inside your head.
Sheldon:At times.
Howard:Guys, we have a code red.
Sheldon:Do you mean code red the hospital emergency alert, code red the computer worm, or code red the cherry flavoured soft drink from the makers of Mountain Dew?
Howard:Look, I was going over the schematics on my zero-G toilet, and I made a teeny tiny mistake on the specifications for the diverter valve.
Leonard:How teeny tiny?
Howard:It’s gonna fail after about ten flushes.
Sheldon:But the mission is for six months.
Howard:Yeah, see, that’s the code red. It’s kind of like a jack-in-the-box, no one knows exactly when, but at some point something way worse than a puppet is gonna pop out of that box.
Sheldon:Have you notified NASA?
Howard:No. Are you crazy?What am I gonna say? I screwed up your toilet and pretty soon there’s gonna be crap floating all over your nice shiny space station?
Leonard:Well, what are you gonna do?
Howard:I’m gonna figure out how to fix it, then I’ll tell them.
Leonard:So, what do you need us for?
Raj:He can’t figure out how to fix it.
Howard:Hey, you said you were gonna be supportive.
Raj:I’m trying, but you have to admit this is pretty damn funny.
Sheldon:I agree. It’s the juxtaposition of the high-tech nature of space exploration against the banality of a malfunctioning toilet that provides the comic fodder here. Check your messages.
Howard:All right, this is an exact duplicate of the Wolowitz Zero-Gravity Human Waste Disposal System as deployed on the International Space Station.
Raj:Don’t you mean the Wolowitz Zero-Gravity Human Waste Distribution System?
Leonard:Good one.
Raj:Yeah.
Howard:Yeah, ha, it’s hilarious. Now, here’s an approximation of the spare parts available on the Space Station. We gotta find a way, using nothing but this, to reinforce this so the waste material avoids the spinning turbine.
Raj:You mean so it doesn’t hit the fan?
Sheldon:Yeah, I have to say, I thought the toilet humour would get less funny with repetition. Apparently, there is no law of diminishing comedic returns with space poop.
OTHER:Hey Leonard.
Leonard:Hey Stuart.
OTHER:You busy?
Leonard:Um…
Howard:Classified, Leonard.
Leonard:Yeah, it’s a regular Manhattan Project. What’s up?
OTHER:Well, tonight’s my date with Penny and since we haven’t been able to connect by phone…
Leonard:Yeah, I’m sorry, it’s been broken.
OTHER:Or e-mail.
Leonard:Yeah, that too. Everything’s broken.
OTHER:Anyway, I was just wondering if you had any last-minute advice.
Leonard:All right, well, off the top of my head, I think the most important thing with Penny is to go really slow. I mean, glacial.
OTHER:Okay.
Leonard:You know, guys come onto her all the time, so, you need to, like, set yourself apart. You know, be a little shy, don’t make too much eye contact. And, you know, treat her with, like, cool detachment and, and, and, you know, fear.
OTHER:Fear?
Leonard:Yeah, like, you’re afraid that if you touch her, she’ll break.
OTHER:Well, that plays right into my wheelhouse.
Leonard:Good, good. Well, you kids have fun tonight.
OTHER:Thanks, Leonard. What is that thing anyway?
Howard:You don’t know what this is?
OTHER:No.
Howard:Good. Get out.
Raj:Be afraid of Penny, nice, very crafty.
Leonard:It wasn’t bad advice. It just wasn’t particularly helpful.
Sheldon:For what it’s worth, my mother says that when we deceive for personal gain, we make Jesus cry.
Sheldon:All right, what if we use this two-inch PVC to reinforce the centre cross-support?
Howard:No good. I mean, it might work for the Japanese and the Americans, but have you seen the size of the Russians they got up there? This thing has to hold up against a hearty potato-based diet.
Leonard:I feel terrible.
Howard:Maybe if you were helping, you’d feel better about yourself.
Leonard:I deliberately tried to sabotage Stuart’s date with Penny.
Raj:Of course you feel terrible. You completely screwed up your karma, dude.
Sheldon:You don’t really believe in that superstition, do you?
Raj:It’s not superstition. It’s practically Newtonian. For every action, there’s an equal and opposite reaction. Leonard pretends to be a friend and acts like a two-faced bitch, therefore, he is reborn as a banana slug. It’s actually a very elegant system, you know, what goes around comes around.
Howard:Speaking of what goes around comes around…
Raj:Okay, look. Instead of trying to reinforce this structure here, what if we just ran another line, bypass it entirely?
Sheldon:It won’t work. The diameter of the tubing is insufficient.
Raj:What if we reposition the collection tank?
Sheldon:It won’t work. No way to mount it.
Howard:Okay, here’s an idea. What if I change my name and go live with my cousin and her husband Avi in Israel?
Sheldon:That could work.
Leonard:Morning.
Penny:Morning. What’s up?
Leonard:Nothing. We just pulled an all-nighter trying to fix a zero-gravity… pasta maker. I’m gonna make a coffee run. Do you want any?
Penny:Oh, no, thanks. I have coffee.
Leonard:Great. So how’d it go with Stuart last night?
Penny:I really don’t want to talk about it.
Leonard:Yeah. Right. Sure. The thing is, before you guys went out, I spoke to him and…
Penny:I said I don’t want to talk about it.
Leonard:Okay… I just… I kind of…
Penny:Look, Leonard, what goes on between me and Stuart is none of your business. So just leave it alone, okay?
Raj:If you really want to clean up your karma, go get my freakin’ latte.
Howard:Hang on, I think I’ve got this. Help me see if we can wedge this little piece of PVC behind the support rod.
Sheldon:You’re overestimating the tensile strength of the substructure you’re building.
Howard:Sheldon, I know what I’m doing.
Sheldon:If you knew what you were doing, there wouldn’t be a space toilet where my coffee table should be.
Raj:Howard, wait. Why don’t you use this instead of the PVC to keep the transverse filter assembly in place?
Howard:Because this is not a spare part from the space station. This is the thing from the pizza box that keeps the lid from touching the cheese.
Raj:That what that’s for? In India, the lid just touches the cheese. Of course, we also have rampant poverty and periodic outbreaks of cholera, so a little cardboard in our cheese is no biggie.
Howard:Where are you going?
Leonard:Comic book store.
Sheldon:Oh, an excellent idea! I could certainly use a break.
Raj:Me, too.
Howard:Hold on, you can go to the comic book store when man can once again safely poop in space.
Sheldon:Why does Leonard get to go?
Leonard:‘Cause he’s upset over his situation with Penny and if I have to hear about it again, I’m going to kick him in his ovaries.
Leonard:Thanks for understanding, Howard.
Howard:I got your back, sister. All right, I think we’ve got a prototype ready to test. Hand me that Tupperware.
Raj:Wow, that’s heavy.
Howard:Damn right it’s heavy, it’s my mother’s meat loaf, it’s been testing toilets for generations.
Sheldon:I must say, Howard, I think a detailed letter to MIT describing your current circumstances might entitle you to a refund on your master’s degree.
Howard:Okay, simulated zero-gravity human waste disposal test with meat loaf analog in three, two, one.
Sheldon:Fascinating.
Raj:What do you think the problem is?
Howard:Not enough bread crumbs.
Leonard:Hey, Stuart, I need to talk to you.
OTHER:Sure, what’s up?
Leonard:I think I gave you bad advice about Penny, and I want to apologize.
OTHER:No, your advice was great.
Leonard:It was?
OTHER:Yeah, going slow really worked.
Leonard:You’re kidding. Never worked for me.
OTHER:Yeah, last night at dinner, I did what you told me, I went really slow, I kept my distance, and two bottles of wine later, we were making out in my car.
Leonard:Wine? I didn’t say to give her wine.
OTHER:It doesn’t matter, that’s where it all went to hell.
Leonard:During the kissing? What did you do, sneeze in her mouth? I did that to a girl once.
OTHER:No, everything was good and really hot, and I said “Oh, Penny,” and right where she was supposed to say, “Oh, Stuart,” she said… your name.
Leonard:Leonard?
OTHER:That is your name, right?
Leonard:Yeah, no, yeah, wow, I’m sorry. That must’ve been the last thing you wanted to hear.
OTHER:Well, it beats you know I’m a dude, right? Yeah, it was pretty bad.
Leonard:No doubt, no doubt. Okay, well, I’m sorry it didn’t work out.
OTHER:Not your fault.
Leonard:Yeah, how about that? See you soon.
OTHER:Yeah, sure.
Howard:Yes, sir, I understand classified. We’ll keep it all classified, no one has to know but you and me.
Penny:What’s classified?
Leonard:Howard’s space toilet. I’ll tell you later.
Howard:Well, they’ve deployed our solution. Let’s just all hope it works.
Sheldon:I don’t see why I have to worry. My career’s not hanging in the balance. That was a joke. It’s funny, because it’s true.
Penny:Leonard, could you pass the soy sauce, please?
Leonard:I’m sorry, were you talking to me?
Penny:Yeah, I said Leonard.
Leonard:Yes, you did, didn’t you?
Penny:What the hell is that?
Howard:Meatloaf.
Leonard:What was it doing on the ceiling?
Howard:That’s classified.
OTHER:Houston, International Space Station. We have a little situation up here. We’d like to make an unscheduled space walk.
OTHER:ISS, Houston. Which crew members would be involved in this E.V.A.?
OTHER:Houston, we’d all like to step outside for a few minutes.
OTHER:ISS, I’m afraid we can’t authorize that.
OTHER:Uh, Houston, this is more of an FYI call. We are basically out the door.
Sheldon:Oh, boy.
Leonard:What?
Sheldon:I can’t comment without violating our agreement that I don’t criticize your work.
Leonard:Then what was oh, boy?
Sheldon:Great restraint on my part.
Leonard:There’s nothing wrong with the science here.
Sheldon:Perhaps you mean a different thing than I do when you say science.
Leonard :Okay, how’s that?
Sheldon:You actually had it right in the first place. Once again, you’ve fallen for one of my classic pranks. Bazinga! Well, now here’s a peculiar e-mail. The president of the university wants me to meet him at his office tomorrow morning at 8 a.m.
Leonard:Why?
Sheldon:It doesn’t say. It must be an emergency. Everyone at the university knows I eat breakfast at eight and move my bowels at 8
Leonard:Yes, how did we live before Twitter? I guess you’ll find out what it is in the morning.
Sheldon:That’s 14 hours away. For the next 840 minutes, I’m effectively one of Heisenberg’s particles, I know where I am or I know how fast I’m going, but I can’t know both. Yet how am I supposed to carry on with this huge annoying thing hovering over my head?
Leonard:Yeah, I know the feeling.
Sheldon:Leonard.
Leonard:Sheldon, it’s two o’clock in the morning.
Sheldon:Why is everybody keep telling me what time it is?
Leonard:Everybody?
Sheldon:You, the president of the university, his wife, their sullen teenage daughter. That entire family is fascinated by what time it is and whether people know it.
Leonard:You went to President Seibert’s house in the middle of the night?
Sheldon:He didn’t respond to my e-mail, his phone number is unlisted. Tell me what my other option was.
Leonard:You could have waited until morning. I know, look who I’m talking to.
Sheldon:Do you remember the grant proposal I submitted to the National Science Foundation to detect slow-moving monopoles at the magnetic North Pole?
Leonard:Hardly a day goes by when I don’t think about it.
Sheldon:Aw, how nice. Well, a space opened up at the last minute on the NSF expedition to the Arctic Circle.
Leonard:Wait a minute. He offered to send you to the North Pole?
Sheldon:Yes. In fact, he was quite enthusiastic. He said, “Frankly, if I could send you tonight, I would.”
Leonard:Okay, well, do you want to go?
Sheldon:Of course not. I’m a theoretical physicist, a career I chose in no small part because it’s indoors, but if I’m able to detect slow-moving magnetic monopoles there, I will be the scientist to confirm string theory. People will write books about me. Third-graders will create macaroni-art dioramas depicting scenes from my life.
Leonard:Sure, maybe a tableau of me trying to pummel you to death.
Sheldon:Sarcasm?
Leonard:Maybe.
Sheldon:I’m on the horns of a dilemma. Can you imagine me, Sheldon Cooper, at the North Pole?
Leonard:Easy peasy, I’m doing it right now.
Sheldon:I’m not good with cold, Leonard. How often have we had to leave a movie theatre because I got a headache from drinking the Icee too fast? I can’t go.
Leonard:Well, then don’t go.
Sheldon:How can you say that? The scientific opportunity of a lifetime presents itself and my best friend says don’t go.
Leonard:All right, then go.
Sheldon:Listen to you. How can I possibly go?
Leonard:Sheldon, what are the words I can say right now to end this conversation and let me go back to sleep?
Sheldon:Odd, President Seibert posed the exact same question.
Leonard:How was it resolved?
Sheldon:It wasn’t. His wife set their dogs on me and rendered the question moot.
Howard:Just imagine. If he says yes, we’ll have an entire summer without Sheldon.
Raj:We could play outside.
Howard:We could sit on the left side of the couch.
Leonard:I could use the bathroom at 8
Raj:Our dreams are very small, aren’t they?
Sheldon:Good news, gentlemen, I have tentatively accepted…
OTHER:Yeah! Woo-hoo!
Sheldon:…the invitation to join the Arctic Expedition.
Leonard:It’s not gonna be the same without you.
Howard:Godspeed.
Sheldon:Thank you, but your sentiments may be premature.
Raj:Ooh, I don’t like where this is going.
Sheldon:I would like to propose that the three of you accompany me.
Howard:To the North Pole?
Sheldon:Yes.
Raj:Is this just so we won’t touch your stuff while you’re away?
Sheldon:I’ll admit that was a concern. But the fact is, I’ll need a support team. And the three of you are my first choice.
Howard:Really?
Sheldon:Well, there are others who might be more qualified, but the thought of interviewing them gave me a stomach ache. Now, I know I’m proposing an enormous undertaking, so why don’t you take a few moments to discuss it?
Howard:We’re not really gonna go to the North Pole with him, are we?
Sheldon :I’m still within earshot! You may want to wait for my door to close.
Howard:We’re not really gonna go to the North Pole with him, are we?
Leonard:Hang on. Let’s talk about it. This is a National Science Foundation expedition. I don’t know how we can turn it down.
Howard:Easy. Instead of saying, no, we don’t want to go on an NSF expedition, say, no, we don’t want to spend “three months stuck in a cabin in the Arctic Circle with an anal nutbag.”
Raj:But if we were part of the team that confirmed string theory, we could drink for free in any bar in any college town with a university that has a strong science program.
Leonard:Howard, this is big science. You could be the engineer who builds the equipment that puts us on the cover of magazines.
Howard:I could also be the engineer who builds the crossbow that kills Sheldon.
Raj:You still might get on a magazine.
Howard:So you guys are seriously considering this?
Leonard:Yes.
Howard:And you think you can put up with Sheldon?
Raj:Well, I’m a Hindu. My religion teaches that if we suffer in this life we are rewarded in the next. Three months at the North Pole with Sheldon and I’m reborn as a well-hung billionaire with wings!
Sheldon:Well, gentlemen, have you reached a decision?
Leonard:I’m in.
Raj:Me, too.
Howard:Oh, damn it. Peer pressure. Fine.
Sheldon:Excellent. And just an FYI, as I am the expedition’s team leader, protocol dictates that be phrased fine, sir. But don’t worry, there will be a briefing.
Sheldon:Penny.
Penny:Sheldon.
Sheldon:Penny.
Penny:Sheldon.
Sheldon:Penny.
Penny:Sheldon.
Sheldon:Penny.
Penny:Sheldon.
Sheldon:Penny.
Penny:Sheldon.
Sheldon:Penny.
Penny:Sheldon.
Sheldon:Penny.
Penny:What do you want?
Sheldon:I need access to the Cheesecake Factory’s walk-in freezer.
Penny:Now, honey, I already told you, the hamburger meat is fresh and stored at a safe temperature.
Sheldon:No. This is to train for a three-month expedition to the magnetic North Pole.
Penny:What?
Sheldon:I don’t know how that sentence could possibly confuse you, but to elaborate, I’m going to the Arctic Circle with Leonard, Wolowitz and Koothrappali.
Penny:You’re all going?
Sheldon:Yes.
Penny:For three months?
Sheldon:Yes.
Penny:Excuse me.
Sheldon:Is that a yes or a no on the freezer? The woman has the attention span of a gnat.
Penny:Hey, Leonard.
Leonard:Hi.
Penny:Sheldon says you’re going to the North Pole.
Leonard:Yeah. Pretty cool, huh?
Penny:Yeah. I’m just a little surprised you didn’t tell me.
Leonard:Oh, well, it all happened kind of fast, and we had to get physicals and buy thermal underwear and study up on, you know, snow and stuff. Sorry, I was gonna tell you.
Penny:Oh, hey, no, you don’t have to apologize. There’s no reason you have to tell me. I was just, you know, surprised.
Sheldon:Yes, yes, you were busy, you were surprised, all very fascinating. Now where do we stand on the freezer?
Penny:Is he serious?
Leonard:Actually, it would help.
Penny:All right, I’ll see what I can do. So, three months at the North Pole. Wow, that is awesome.
Leonard:Yeah.
Sheldon:I’m sorry, but at what point do you put this see what you can do plan into action?
Penny:Just a warning, Sheldon, the freezer locks from the outside.
Leonard:Did she seem upset to you?
Sheldon:No. Did she seem upset to you?
Leonard:No.
Sheldon:Oh, good, I got it right. Are you upset?
Leonard:A little bit.
Sheldon:Two for two. I’m on fire.
Leonard:I mean, I know she’s not my girlfriend or anything, but wouldn’t you think she’d feel a little bad that I’m going to be gone for the whole summer?
Sheldon:That feels like a bonus question. I’m going to stop here while I’m ahead, but I’ve had a great time.
Sheldon:Alright, now the purpose of this drill is to acclimate us to the use of tools in extreme temperatures such as we will face in the Arctic Circle.
Raj:Where are your tools?
Sheldon :Right here. All right, team, open up your practice kits. As the university did not permit me to bring the actual equipment we’ll be using to the Cheesecake Factory, because apparently I’m “ridiculous,” I’ve provided substitutes which will exercise your fine motor skills. Leonard, you will be doing a series of complex mathematical problems on a vintage Casio model 1175 calculator watch I received when I won the Earth Science medal in 3rd grade. Treat it with respect. Raj, you will be painting sideburns and a Van Dyke on a six-inch figurine of Legolas the elf. Now, remember, a Van Dyke is a goatee without a moustache. Wolowitz, you will be completing a series of delicate surgical procedures on the classic children’s game, Operation. To begin with, you will remove funny bone for two hundred dollars.
Howard:For this I went to MIT.
Sheldon:And begin.
Raj:I think I swallowed some paint!
Leonard:I can’t press any of the buttons with my gloves. Oh, son of a bitch!
Sheldon:Adversity is to be expected. Continue.
Howard:Oh, boy, am I gonna get sued.
Leonard:Okay, I can’t do this.
Raj:Me either.
Sheldon:Gentlemen, use your imagination. Innovate. Did Han Solo let Luke Skywalker freeze to death on the ice planet of Hoth? No. He cut open a tauntaun and used its internal body heat to warm him up.
Howard:You heard the man. Hold him down and I’ll cut him open.
Leonard:Hang on, I know I don’t possess the tools of leadership, but I don’t understand why we can’t assemble the equipment inside the hut and then take it outside.
Sheldon:I hadn’t thought of that. I guess we’re done here.
Sheldon:Here, drink slash eat this.
Leonard:What is it?
Sheldon:It’s hot chocolate with a stick of butter.
Howard:Okay, why?
Sheldon:Because in the frigid temperatures in the Arctic, we need to consume at least 5,000 calories a day just to maintain our body weight.
Leonard:Sheldon, you know I can’t eat butter. I’m lactose intolerant.
Sheldon:Way ahead of you, that’s an “I Can’t Believe It’s Not Butter” stick.
Raj :But mummy, all the other guys are going to the North Pole.
OTHER:I don’t care what the other guys are doing. If the other guys jumped in the Bay of Bengal and tried to swim to Sri Lanka, would you follow them?
Raj:If you were standing behind me nagging, I might.
OTHER:Don’t talk back to your mother. This trip is much too dangerous, Rajesh.
Raj:No, it’s not. Howard, tell them.
Howard:Doctor and Mrs. Koothrappali, namaste. I understand your concern, but if it’ll make you feel any better, my mother is fine with me going, and this is a woman who kept a safety rail on my bed until I was 17.
OTHER:So, she has no problem with her son being eaten by a walrus?
Sheldon:That’s very unlikely, Mrs. Koothrappali. If Raj dies, it’ll be from frostbite, gangrene, acute sunburn or being ripped to shreds by a fifteen hundred pound polar bear.
Howard:Ma, I’m putting you on speakerphone with Raj’s parents. Can you tell them that you’re okay with me going to the Arctic?
OTHER:Arctic? I thought you said Arkansas!
Howard:I didn’t say that. You never listen to me!
OTHER:He doesn’t tell me anything! He lives a secret life because he’s ashamed!
Penny :Hey, Leonard, can I talk to you for a sec?
Leonard:Sure, but let’s go out here where there’s a little less yelling and guilt. What’s up?
Penny:Well, I got you a little going away present.
Leonard:Oh, a blanket.
Penny:Oh, no, no, no, not just a blanket. See, it has sleeves. Yeah!  So, you can, you know, be all snoodled up while you do your science stuff.
Leonard:Oh, wow, cool.
Penny:Oh, I’m gonna miss you.  See you later.
Leonard:Bye.
OTHER:I told you no. Why don’t you believe me?
OTHER:‘Cause it doesn’t make sense to me! How can it be that in the entire country of India, there isn’t one Outback Steakhouse?!
Leonard:Sheldon, Sheldon?
Sheldon:I want a cookie, Meemaw.
Leonard:Sheldon, it’s me.
Sheldon:But Meemaw just made cookies.
Leonard:Listen, I don’t know if I can go on the expedition.
Sheldon:What?
Leonard:I don’t think I can go to the North Pole.
Sheldon:Okay, Leonard, I know you’re concerned about disappointing me but I want you to take comfort from the knowledge that my expectations of you are very low.
Leonard:Yeah, that’s very comforting.
Sheldon:Comforting is a part of leadership. It’s not a part I care for, but such is my burden.
Leonard:Terrific, it’s just that I don’t think Penny wants me to go.
Sheldon:Assuming that’s a valid reason not to go, which it isn’t, how do you know this? Did she say it?
Leonard:Not exactly. But she said she was gonna miss me and she gave me this.
Sheldon:What is it?
Leonard:It’s a blanket with sleeves.
Sheldon:Oh, that’s clever. Let me see if I understand this correctly. Her missing you is an emotional state you find desirable?
Leonard:Yes, obviously.
Sheldon:All right. Well, given that missing you is predicated on you leaving, logic dictates you must leave.
Leonard:Yes, okay, but I’m gonna be gone for three months. What if she doesn’t miss me that long and she meets someone else?
Sheldon:She does have a short attention span.
Leonard:So, I can’t go.
Sheldon:Leonard, you may be right. It appears that Penny secretly wants you in her life in a very intimate and carnal fashion.
Leonard:You really think so?
Sheldon:Of course not. Even in my sleep-deprived state, I’ve managed to pull off another one of my classic pranks. Bazinga!
Penny:Oh, Leonard, what time is it?
Leonard:It’s 7 a.m. I’m sorry it’s early, but we’re leaving soon, and I needed to talk to you.
Penny:Okay.
Leonard:What did you mean when you said you’re going to miss me?
Penny:Um, I don’t know. You’ll be gone and I’ll notice.
Leonard :Okay, well, um, what about this? What does this mean?
Penny:Wine, credit card and late night television are a bad combination.
Leonard:All right, fine. What about that really long hug? What did that mean?
Penny:That wasn’t a long hug.
Leonard:It was at least five Mississippis. A standard hug is two Mississippis tops.
Penny:Leonard, I don’t know what to tell you. It was just a hug.
Leonard:Glad we cleared that up.
Penny:Yeah.
Leonard:I guess I’ll see you.
Penny:Okay, have a safe trip.
Leonard:Thank you. Bye.
Penny:Okay, bye.  Means I wish you weren’t going.
Leonard:Damn it.
Howard:What?
Leonard:We’re out of ice.
Sheldon:All right, men, we begin initial assembly and deployment of the testing equipment starting tomorrow at 0700 hours, but until then, you are all off duty. I suggest you keep the shenanigans to a minimum as medical help is 18 hours away by dogsled.
Raj:What are you working on?
Howard:Crossbow.
Leonard:Hey, guys, can I just say something? How about we take a moment to think about where we are right now? This is literally the top of the world. Only a handful of people in all of human history will ever see what we are going to see.
Raj:He’s right.
Howard:Yeah, wow.
Sheldon:It is remarkable.
Raj:So, who’s up for a movie?
Howard:Good idea, what do you think? Ice Station Zebra or John Carpenter’s The Thing?
Raj:I say double feature.
Leonard:Dinner’s ready!
Sheldon:What are we having?
Leonard:Reconstituted Thai food.
Sheldon:Did you bring the dehydrated low-sodium soy sauce?
Leonard:Check.
Sheldon:Freeze-dried spicy mustard?
Leonard:Check.
Sheldon:Flash-frozen brown rice, not white?
Leonard:Uh, oh, sorry.
Sheldon:Not to worry. I hid it. Bazinga! You’re in my spot.
Howard:There’s no time for a crossbow. Find me an icicle.
Sheldon:Three months. This is gonna be great!
